EM–81
Engine mechanical - Cylinder head ASSY (FA20)
• To identify the exhaust valve including metal sodium, refer to its
engraved mark.
Captions in illustration
*a Engraved mark (identification: E2H•FA20 engine)
(cid:39)(cid:20)(cid:42)
(cid:12)(cid:67)
ME-06632
EM <Caution>
<Pre-disposal process>
• When industrial waste disposal process turns out to be dissolution, the process can be performed.
• If exhaust valve is broken, remove from the cylinder head and dispose in the same method of general steel after performing the
process.
• When performing the process, observe the followings.
(a) Prepare an extinguisher at hand.
(b) Wear protective goggles.
(c) Wear rubber gloves.
<Disposal process>
1. Wearing rubber gloves, remove the broken exhaust valve from the cylinder head.
2. Prepare a large container (bucket or oil tin etc.) in a well ventilated place, and fill the container with over 10 liter of water.
3. Put in the broken exhaust valve longitudinally using a large tweezers or
pliers.
<Caution>
• Let the broken exhaust valve completely sunken.
• Keep fire away from the container because hydrogen gas generates
due to chemical reaction.
• Stay away at least 2 to 3 m {6.6 to 9.8 ft} from the container
because of an intense chemical reaction.
ME-06635
4. After chemical reaction finishes (after the elapse of four to five hours), take out the exhaust valve using a large tweezers or pliers
carefully, and dispose in the same disposal method as other parts.
<Caution>
• For disposal of chemically-reacted liquid waste (sodium hydroxide), follow all government and local regulations concerning
disposal of liquid waste.
• If chemically-reacted liquid waste (sodium hydroxide) touches skin, wash it off immediately with a sufficient amount of water.
INSPECTION
1. Inspection of cylinder head
(1) Visually check that there are no cracks, scratches or other damage.
(2) Use liquid penetrant testing (red check) on the important sections to check for fissures.
(3) Check that there are no marks of gas leaking or water leaking on gasket attachment surface.
(4) Check the warping of the cylinder head mating surface that mates with cylinder block at the locations shown in the figure
using a straight edge and thickness gauge.