ES–185
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Camshaft Position Sensor "A" Circuit (Bank 1
DTC P0340
or Single Sensor)
DESCRIPTION
The Camshaft Position (CMP) sensor consists of a magnet and an iron core which is wrapped with copper
wire, and is installed onto the cylinder head. When the camshaft rotates, each of 3 teeth on the camshaft
passes through the CMP sensor. This activates the internal magnet in the sensor, generating a voltage in
the copper wire. The camshaft rotation is synchronized with the crankshaft rotation. When the crankshaft
turns twice, the voltage is generated 3 times in the CMP sensor. The generated voltage in the sensor acts
as a signal, allowing the ECM to locate the camshaft position. This signal is then used to control ignition
timing, fuel injection timing, and the VVT system.
ES
DTC No. DTC Detection Conditions Trouble Areas
Case 1
• Open or short in CMP sensor circuit
• No Camshaft Position (CMP) sensor signal to ECM while
• CMP sensor
cranking (2 trip detection logic)
P0340 • Camshaft
Case 2
• Jumped tooth of timing chain
• Camshaft/Crankshaft misalignment detected at engine
• ECM
speed of 600 rpm or more (1 trip detection logic)
HINT:
DTC P0340 indicates a malfunction relating to the CMP sensor (+) circuit (the wire harness between the
ECM and CMP sensor, and the CMP sensor itself).
Reference: Inspection using an oscilloscope
CH1
GND
(G2+)
CH2
GND
(NE+)
A063955E13
HINT:
• The correct waveform is as shown in the illustration.
• G2+ stands for the CMP sensor signal, and NE+ stands for the Crankshaft Position (CKP) sensor
signal.
• Grounding failure of the shielded wire may cause noise in waveforms.
Items Contents
CH1: G2+ - G2-
Terminals
CH2: NE+ - NE-
Equipment Settings 5 V/Division, 20 ms/Division
Conditions Cranking or idling
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
If no signal is transmitted by the CMP sensor despite the engine revolving, or the rotation of the camshaft
and the crankshaft is not synchronized, the ECM interprets this as a malfunction of the sensor.
If the malfunction is not repaired successfully, a DTC is set 10 seconds after the engine is next started.
MONITOR STRATEGY
P0340: Camshaft position sensor range check
Related DTCs
P0340: Camshaft position/crankshaft position misalignment