ES–100
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Mass Air Flow Circuit Range / Performance
DTC P0101
Problem
DESCRIPTION
Refer to DTC P0100 (see page ES-86).
DTC No. DTC Detection Conditions Trouble Areas
Conditions (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) continue for more than 10
seconds (2 trip detection logic):
(a) Engine running
(b) Engine coolant temperature 70°C (158°F) or higher
(c) Throttle Position (TP) sensor voltage 0.24 V or more • Mass Air Flow (MAF) meter
P0101 (d) Average engine load value ratio less than 0.85, or more • Air induction system
ES than 1.15 (varies with estimated engine load) • PCV hose connections
Average engine load value ratio = Average engine load based
on MAF meter output / Average engine load estimated from
driving conditions
(e) Average air-fuel ratio less than -20 %, or more than 20 %
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The MAF meter is a sensor that measures the amount of air flowing through the throttle valve. The ECM
uses this information to determine the fuel injection time and to provide an appropriate air-fuel ratio. Inside
the MAF meter, there is a heated platinum wire which is exposed to the flow of intake air. By applying a
specific electrical current to the wire, the ECM heats it to a specific temperature. The flow of incoming air
cools both the wire and an internal thermistor, affecting their resistance. To maintain a constant current
value, the ECM varies the voltage applied to these components of the MAF meter. The voltage level is
proportional to the airflow through the sensor, and the ECM uses it to calculate the intake air volume.
The ECM monitors the average engine load value ratio to check the MAF meter for malfunctions. The
average engine load value ratio is obtained by comparing the average engine load calculated from the
MAF meter output to the average engine load estimated from the driving conditions, such as the engine
speed and the throttle opening angle. If the average engine load value ratio is below the threshold value,
the ECM determines that the intake air volume is low, and if the average engine load value ratio is above
the threshold value, the ECM determines that the intake air volume is high.
If this is detected in 2 consecutive driving cycles, the MIL is illuminated and a DTC is set.
MONITOR STRATEGY
Related DTCs P0101: Mass air flow meter rationality
Required Sensors/Components (Main) Mass air flow meter
Crankshaft Position (CKP) sensor, Engine Coolant Temperature
Required Sensors/Components (Related)
(ECT) sensor and Throttle Position (TP) sensor
Frequency of Operation Continuous
Duration 10 seconds
MIL Operation 2 driving cycles
Sequence of Operation None
TYPICAL ENABLING CONDITIONS
P0115 - P0118 (ECT sensor)
P0120 - P0223, P2135 (TP sensor)
Monitor runs whenever following DTCs not present P0125 (Insufficient ECT for closed loop)
P0335 (CKP sensor)
P0340 (CMP sensor)
Throttle position (TP sensor voltage) 0.24 V or more
Engine Running
Battery voltage 10.5 V or more