ES–163
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
DTC P0300 Random / Multiple Cylinder Misfire Detected
DTC P0301 Cylinder 1 Misfire Detected
DTC P0302 Cylinder 2 Misfire Detected
DTC P0303 Cylinder 3 Misfire Detected
DTC P0304 Cylinder 4 Misfire Detected
ES
DESCRIPTION
CMP Sensor
ECM
CKP Sensor
A093767E03
When the engine misfires, high concentrations of hydrocarbons (HC) enter the exhaust gas. Extremely
high HC concentration levels can cause increases in exhaust emission levels. High concentrations of HC
can also cause increases in the Three-Way Catalytic Converter (TWC) temperature, which may cause
damage to the TWC. To prevent these increases in emissions and to limit the possibility of thermal
damage, the ECM monitors the misfire rate. When the temperature of the TWC reaches the point of
thermal degradation, the ECM blinks the MIL. To monitor misfires, the ECM uses both the Camshaft
Position (CMP) sensor and the Crankshaft Position (CKP) sensor. The CMP sensor is used to identify any
misfiring cylinders and the CKP sensor is used to measure variations in the crankshaft rotation speed.
Misfires are counted as when the crankshaft rotation speed variations exceed predetermined thresholds.
If the misfire rate exceeds the threshold level, and could cause emission deterioration, the ECM
illuminates the MIL and sets a DTC.
DTC No. DTC Detection Conditions Trouble Areas
Simultaneous misfiring of several cylinders detected • Open or short in engine wire harness
P0300
(2 trip detection logic) • Connector connection
• Vacuum hose connections
• Ignition system
• Injector
• Fuel pressure
• Mass Air Flow (MAF) meter
P0301
• Engine Coolant Temperature (ECT) sensor
P0302 Misfiring of specific cylinder detected
• Compression pressure
P0303 (2 trip detection logic)
• Valve clearance
P0304
• Valve timing
• PCV valve and hose
• PCV hose connections
• Air induction system
• ECM
When DTCs for misfiring cylinders are randomly set, but DTC P0300 is not set, it indicates that misfires
have been detected in different cylinders at different times. DTC P0300 is only set when several misfiring
cylinders are detected at the same time.