ES–168
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
8. Check whether misfires have occurred by checking DTCs and freeze frame data.
HINT:
Do not turn the ignition switch OFF until the stored DTC(s) and freeze frame data have been recorded.
When the ECM returns to normal mode (default), the stored DTC(s), freeze frame data and other data
will be erased.
9. Record the DTC(s), freeze frame data and misfire counts.
10.Turn the ignition switch OFF and wait for at least 5 seconds.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE
HINT:
• If any DTCs other than misfire DTCs are output, troubleshoot those DTCs first.
• Read freeze frame data using the intelligent tester. Freeze frame data records the engine condition
when malfunctions are detected. When troubleshooting, freeze frame data can help determine if the
ES
vehicle was moving or stationary, if the engine was warmed up or not, if the air-fuel ratio was lean or
rich, and other data from the time the malfunction occurred.
• If the misfire does not recur when the vehicle is brought to the workshop, reproduce the conditions
stored in the freeze frame data.
• If the misfire still cannot be reproduced even though the conditions stored in the freeze frame data
have been duplicated, one of the following factors is considered to be a possible cause of the problem:
(a)The fuel level is low.
(b)Improper fuel is used.
(c)The spark plugs are dirty.
(d)The problem is complex due to multiple factors.
• After finishing repairs, check that no misfires occur in each cylinder (CYL #1, #2, #3 and #4).
• Be sure to confirm that no misfiring cylinder DTCs are set again by conducting the confirmation driving
pattern, after the repairs.
• For 6 and 8 cylinder engines, the ECM intentionally does not set the specific misfiring cylinder DTCs at
high engine RPM. If misfires only occur during high engine RPM driving, only DTC P0300 is set.
In the event of DTC P0300 being present, perform the following operations:
(a)Clear the DTC (see page ES-35).
(b)Start the engine and conduct the confirmation driving pattern.
(c)Read the misfiring rates of each cylinder or DTC(s) using the tester.
(d)Repair the cylinder(s) that has a high misfiring rate or is indicated by the DTC.
(e)After finishing repairs, conduct the confirmation driving pattern again, in order to verify that DTC
P0300 is not set.
• When either SHORT FT #1 or LONG FT #1 in the freeze frame data is outside the range of +-20 %, the
air-fuel ratio may be rich (-20 % or less) or lean (+20 % or more).
• When the COOLANT TEMP in the freeze frame data is less than 75°C (167°F), the misfires occurred
only while warming up the engine.
1 CHECK ANY OTHER DTCS OUTPUT (IN ADDITION TO MISFIRE DTCS)
(a) Connect the intelligent tester to the DLC3.
(b) Turn the ignition switch ON.
(c) Turn the tester ON.
(d) Select the following menu items: DIAGNOSIS /
ENHANCED OBD II / DTC INFO / CURRENT CODES.
(e) Read DTCs.
Result
Display (DTC Output) Proceed To
P0300, P0301, P0302, P0303 and/or P0304 A
P0300, P0301, P0302, P0303 and/or P0304 and other DTCs B