ES–38
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
DIAGNOSIS SYSTEM
1. DESCRIPTION
When troubleshooting OBD II (On-Board Diagnostics)
vehicles, the intelligent tester (complying with SAE
J1987) must be connected to the DLC3 (Data Link
Connector 3) of the vehicle. Various data in the vehicle's
ECM (Engine Control Module) can be then read.
OBD II regulations require that the vehicle's on-board
computer illuminate the MIL (Malfunction Indicator
Lamp) on the instrument panel when the computer
detects a malfunction in:
(a)The emission control system components.
ES (b)The powertrain control components (which affect
vehicle emissions).
(c)The computer itself.
In addition, if the applicable DTCs (Diagnostic Trouble
Codes) prescribed by SAE J2012 are not recorded on 3
FI00534
consecutive trips, the MIL turns off automatically but the
DTCs remain recorded in the ECM memory.
To check DTCs, connect the intelligent tester to the
Intelligent Tester
DLC3. The tester displays DTCs, freeze frame data, and
a variety of the engine data. The DTCs and freeze frame
data can be erased with the tester (see page ES-35).
In order to enhance OBD function on vehicles and
develop the Off-Board diagnosis system, CAN
(Controller Area Network) communication is introduced
in this system. It minimizes the gap between technician
skills and vehicle technology. CAN is a network, which
uses a pair of data transmission lines, spanning multiple
DLC3 computers and sensors. It allows high speed
communication between the systems and simplifies the
wire harness connection.
CAN VIM Since this system is equipped with the CAN
communication, connecting the CAN VIM (Vehicle
B127989E01 Interface Module) to the intelligent tester is necessary to
display any information from the ECM. (Also the
communication between the intelligent tester and the
ECM uses CAN communication signals.) When
confirming the DTCs and any data of the ECM, connect
the CAN VIM between the DLC3 and the intelligent
tester.
2. NORMAL MODE AND CHECK MODE
The diagnosis system operates in normal mode during
normal vehicle use. In normal mode, 2 trip detection
logic is used to ensure accurate detection of
malfunctions. Check mode is also available as an option
for technicians. In check mode, 1 trip detection logic is
used for simulating malfunction symptoms and
increasing the system's ability to detect malfunctions,
including intermittent problems (intelligent tester only)
(see page ES-38).