ES–286
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Throttle Actuator Control Throttle Body Range /
DTC P2119
Performance
DESCRIPTION
The Electronic Throttle Control System (ETCS) is composed of the throttle actuator, Throttle Position (TP)
sensor, Accelerator Pedal Position (APP) sensor, and ECM. The ECM operates the throttle actuator to
regulate the throttle valve in response to driver inputs. The TP sensor detects the opening angle of the
throttle valve, and provides the ECM with feedback so that the throttle valve can be appropriately
controlled by the ECM.
DTC No. DTC Detection Conditions Trouble Areas
Throttle valve opening angle continues to vary greatly from • ETCS
P2119
ES target opening angle (1 trip detection logic) • ECM
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The ECM determines the actual opening angle of the throttle valve from the TP sensor signal. The actual
opening angle is compared to the target opening angle commanded by the ECM. If the difference
between these two values is outside the standard range, the ECM interprets this as a malfunction in the
ETCS. The ECM then illuminates the MIL and sets the DTC.
If the malfunction is not repaired successfully, the DTC is set when the accelerator pedal is quickly
released (to close the throttle valve) after the engine speed reaches 5,000 rpm by the accelerator pedal
being fully depressed (fully open the throttle valve).
MONITOR STRATEGY
Related DTCs P2119: ETCS malfunction
Required Sensors/Components (Main) Throttle actuator
Required Sensors/Components (Related) -
Frequency of Operation Continuous
Duration Within 1 second
MIL Operation Immediate
Sequence of Operation None
TYPICAL ENABLING CONDITIONS
Monitor runs whenever following DTCs not present None
TYPICAL MALFUNCTION THRESHOLDS
Either of following conditions A or B met -
A. Difference between commanded closed throttle position and
0.3 V or more for 1 second
current closed throttle position
B. Difference between commanded open throttle position and current
0.3 V or more for 0.6 seconds
open throttle position
FAIL-SAFE
When this DTC, or other DTCs relating to ETCS (Electronic Throttle Control System) malfunctions, are
set, the ECM enters fail-safe mode. During fail-safe mode, the ECM cuts the current to the throttle
actuator off, and the throttle valve is returned to a 6° throttle angle by the return spring. The ECM then
adjusts the engine output by controlling the fuel injection (intermittent fuel-cut) and ignition timing, in
accordance with the accelerator pedal opening angle, to allow the vehicle to continue at a minimal speed.
If the accelerator pedal is depressed firmly and gently, the vehicle can be driven slowly.