ES–24
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
READINESS MONITOR DRIVE
PATTERN
1. PURPOSE OF READINESS TESTS
• The On-Board Diagnostic (OBD II) system is designed to
monitor the performance of emission related components,
and indicate any detected abnormalities with DTC
(Diagnostic Trouble Codes). Since various components
need to be monitored during different driving conditions,
the OBD II system is designed to run separate monitoring
programs called Readiness Monitors.
• The intelligent tester's software must be version 9.0 or
newer to view the Readiness Monitor Status. To view the
ES
status, select the following menu items: DIAGNOSIS /
ENHANCED OBD II / MONITOR INFO / MONITOR
STATUS.
• When the Readiness Monitor status reads COMPL
(complete), the necessary conditions have been met for
running the performance tests for that Readiness Monitor.
• A generic OBD II scan tool can also be used to view the
Readiness Monitor status.
HINT:
Many state Inspection and Maintenance (I/M) programs
require a vehicle's Readiness Monitor status to show COMPL
before beginning emission tests.
The Readiness Monitor will be reset to INCMPL (incomplete)
if:
• The ECM has lost battery power or blown a fuse.
• DTCs have been cleared.
• The conditions for running the Readiness Monitor have not
been met.
If the Readiness Monitor status shows INCMPL, follow the
appropriate Readiness Monitor Drive Pattern to change the
status to COMPL.
CAUTION:
Strictly observe posted speed limits, traffic laws, and
road conditions when performing these drive patterns.
NOTICE:
These drive patterns represent the fastest method of
satisfying all conditions necessary to achieve complete
status for each specific Readiness Monitor.
In the event of a drive pattern being interrupted (possibly
due to factors such as traffic conditions), the drive
pattern can be resumed. In most cases, the Readiness
Monitor will still achieve complete status upon
completion of the drive pattern.
To ensure completion of the Readiness Monitors, avoid
sudden changes in vehicle load and speed (driving up
and down hills and/or sudden acceleration).