ES–137
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
DTC No. DTC Detection Conditions Trouble Areas
• Abnormal voltage output:
During active air-fuel ratio control, following conditions (a)
and (b) met for certain period of time (2 trip detection
logic): • Open or short in HO2 sensor (sensor 2) circuit
(a) Heated Oxygen (HO2) sensor voltage does not • HO2 sensor (sensor 2)
decrease to less than 0.59 V • HO2 sensor heater (sensor 2)
P0136
(b) HO2 sensor voltage does not increase to more • Air-fuel Ratio (A/F) sensor (sensor 1)
than 0.21 V • Integration relay (EFI MAIN relay)
• Low impedance: • Gas leakage from exhaust system
Sensor impedance less than 5 Ω for more than 30
seconds when ECM presumes sensor to be warmed
up and operating normally (2 trip detection logic)
• Low voltage (open):
During active air-fuel ratio control, following conditions (a)
and (b) met for certain period of time (2 trip detection ES
• Open in HO2 sensor (sensor 2) circuit
logic):
• HO2 sensor (sensor 2)
(a) HO2 sensor voltage output less than 0.21 V
P0137 • HO2 sensor heater (sensor 2)
(b) Target air-fuel ratio rich
• Integration relay (EFI MAIN relay)
• High impedance:
• Gas leakage from exhaust system
Sensor impedance 15 kΩ or more for more than 90
seconds when ECM presumes sensor to be warmed
up and operating normally (2 trip detection logic)
• High voltage (short):
During active air-fuel ratio control, following conditions (a)
and (b) met for certain period of time (2 trip detection
logic): • Short in HO2 sensor (sensor 2) circuit
P0138 (a) HO2 sensor voltage output more than 0.59 V • HO2 sensor (sensor 2)
(b) Target air-fuel ratio lean • ECM internal circuit malfunction
• Extremely high voltage (short):
HO2 sensor voltage output exceeds 1.2 V for more
than 10 seconds (2 trip detection logic)
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
Active Air-Fuel Ratio Control
The ECM usually performs air-fuel ratio feedback control so that the Air-Fuel Ratio (A/F) sensor output
indicates a near stoichiometric air-fuel level. This vehicle includes active air-fuel ratio control in addition to
regular air-fuel ratio control. The ECM performs active air-fuel ratio control to detect any deterioration in
the Three-Way Catalytic Converter (TWC) and Heated Oxygen (HO2) sensor malfunctions (refer to the
diagram below).
Active air-fuel ratio control is performed for approximately 15 to 20 seconds while driving with a warm
engine. During active air-fuel ratio control, the air-fuel ratio is forcibly regulated to become lean or rich by
the ECM. If the ECM detects a malfunction, one of the following DTCs is set: DTC P0136 (abnormal
voltage output), P0137 (open circuit) and P0138 (short circuit).
Abnormal Voltage Output of HO2 Sensor (DTC P0136)
While the ECM is performing active air-fuel ratio control, the air-fuel ratio is forcibly regulated to become
rich or lean. If the sensor is not functioning properly, the voltage output variation is small. For example,
when the HO2 sensor voltage does not decrease to less than 0.21 V and does not increase to more than
0.59 V during active air-fuel ratio control, the ECM determines that the sensor voltage output is abnormal
and sets DTC P0136.