ES–136
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Oxygen Sensor Circuit Malfunction (Bank 1
DTC P0136
Sensor 2)
Oxygen Sensor Circuit Low Voltage (Bank 1
DTC P0137
Sensor 2)
Oxygen Sensor Circuit High Voltage (Bank 1
DTC P0138
Sensor 2)
DESCRIPTION
ES
In order to obtain a high purification rate of the carbon monoxide (CO), hydrocarbon (HC) and nitrogen
oxide (NOx) components in the exhaust gas, a TWC is used. For the most efficient use of the TWC, the
air-fuel ratio must be precisely controlled so that it is always close to the stoichiometric air-fuel level. For
the purpose of helping the ECM to deliver accurate air-fuel ratio control, a Heated Oxygen (HO2) sensor
is used.
The HO2 sensor is located behind the TWC, and detects the oxygen concentration in the exhaust gas.
Since the sensor is integrated with the heater that heats the sensing portion, it is possible to detect the
oxygen concentration even when the intake air volume is low (the exhaust gas temperature is low).
When the air-fuel ratio becomes lean, the oxygen concentration in the exhaust gas is rich. The HO2
sensor informs the ECM that the post-TWC air-fuel ratio is lean (low voltage, i.e. less than 0.45 V).
Conversely, when the air-fuel ratio is richer than the stoichiometric air-fuel level, the oxygen concentration
in the exhaust gas becomes lean. The HO2 sensor informs the ECM that the post-TWC air-fuel ratio is
rich (high voltage, i.e. more than 0.45 V). The HO2 sensor has the property of changing its output voltage
drastically when the air-fuel ratio is close to the stoichiometric level.
The ECM uses the supplementary information from the HO2 sensor to determine whether the air-fuel ratio
after the TWC is rich or lean, and adjusts the fuel injection time accordingly. Thus, if the HO2 sensor is
working improperly due to internal malfunctions, the ECM is unable to compensate for deviations in the
primary air-fuel ratio control.
Atmospheric Air Housing Output Voltage Ideal Air-fuel Mixture
Platinum Electrode
Solid Electrolyte
(Zirconia Element)
Heater
Coating (Ceramic)
Cover Richer - Air-fuel Ratio - Leaner
Exhaust Gas
A131740E05