ES–93
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
DTC P0100 Mass or Volume Air Flow Circuit
DTC P0102 Mass or Volume Air Flow Circuit Low Input
DTC P0103 Mass or Volume Air Flow Circuit High Input
DESCRIPTION
The Mass Air Flow (MAF) meter is a sensor that measures the amount of air flowing through the throttle
valve.
The ECM uses this information to determine the fuel injection time and to provide the appropriate air-fuel
ratio.
ES
Inside the MAF meter, there is a heated platinum wire which is exposed to the flow of intake air.
By applying a specific electrical current to the wire, the ECM heats it to a given temperature. The flow of
incoming air cools both the wire and an internal thermistor, affecting their resistance. To maintain a
constant current value, the ECM varies the voltage applied to these components in the MAF meter. The
voltage level is proportional to the airflow through the sensor, and the ECM uses it to calculate the intake
air volume.
The circuit is constructed so that the platinum hot wire and the temperature sensor create a bridge circuit,
and the power transistor is controlled so that the potentials of A and B remain equal to maintain the
predetermined temperature.
HINT:
When any of these DTCs are set, the ECM enters fail-safe mode. During fail-safe mode, the ignition
timing is calculated by the ECM, according to the engine RPM and throttle valve position. Fail-safe mode
continues until a pass condition is detected.
+B
Temperature Sensor
Power Transistor
(Thermistor)
Platinum Hot Wire (Heater)
A B
Output Voltage
Temperature Sensor (Thermistor) Platinum Hot Wire (Heater)
A140749E02
DTC No. DTC Detection Conditions Trouble Areas
MAF meter voltage less than 0.2 V, or more than 4.9 V for 3 • Open or short in MAF meter circuit
P0100 seconds • MAF meter
(1 trip detection logic) • ECM
• Open or short in MAF meter circuit
MAF meter voltage less than 0.2 V for 3 seconds
P0102 • MAF meter
(1 trip detection logic)
• ECM
• Open or short in MAF meter circuit
MAF meter voltage more than 4.9 V for 3 seconds
P0103 • MAF meter
(1 trip detection logic)
• ECM