ES–344
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
• The 2nd monitor
The vent valve is turned OFF (open) and the EVAP pressure is measured. If the variation in the
pressure is less than 0.5 kPa-g (3.75 mmHg-g), the ECM interprets this as the purge VSV being
stuck closed, and illuminates the MIL and sets DTC P0441 (2 trip detection logic).
Atmospheric pressure check:
In order to ensure reliable malfunction detection, the variation between the atmospheric pressures, before
and after conduction of the purge flow monitor, is measured by the ECM.
EVAP Purge Flow:
Reference Orifice (0.02 inch)
Refueling Valve
Fuel Cap
Canister Pressure Sensor
ES To Atmosphere
Purge VSV
(ON) Fuel Tank
Canister
To Intake Manifold
Canister Filter
Vent Valve (OFF)
ECM
Leak Detection Pump (OFF)
Canister Pump Module
Soak Timer
A122571E02
Components Operations
Canister Contains activated charcoal to absorb EVAP (Evaporative Emissions) generated in fuel tank.
Cut-off valve Located in fuel tank. Valve floats and closes when fuel tank 100 % full.
Opens or closes line between canister and intake manifold. ECM uses purge VSV to control EVAP purge flow. In order
Purge VSV (Vacuum
to discharge EVAP absorbed by canister to intake manifold, ECM opens purge VSV. EVAP discharge volume to intake
Switching Valve)
manifold controlled by purge VSV duty cycle ratio (current-carrying time) (Open: ON; Closed: OFF).
Controls EVAP pressure from fuel tank to canister. Valve consists of diaphragm, spring and restrictor (diameter: 0.08
Refueling valve inch). When fuel vapor and pressure inside fuel tank increase, valve opens. While EVAP purged, valve closes and
restrictor prevents large amount of vacuum from affecting pressure in fuel tank. Valve opened while refueling.
Roll-over valve Located in fuel tank. Valve closed by its own weight when vehicle overturns to prevent fuel from spilling out.
Built into ECM. To ensure accurate EVAP monitor, measures 5 hours (+-15 min) after ignition switch turned OFF. This
Soak timer allows fuel to cool down, stabilizing EVAP pressure. When approximately 5 hours elapsed, ECM activates (refer to fig.
3).
Canister pump
Consists of (a) to (d) below. Canister pump module cannot be disassembled.
module
Vents and closes EVAP system. When ECM turns valve ON, EVAP system closed. When ECM turns valve OFF, EVAP
(a) Vent valve system vented. Negative pressure (vacuum) created in EVAP system to check for EVAP leaks by closing purge VSV,
turning on vent valve (closed) and operating leak detection pump (refer to fig. 1).
(b) Canister pressure Indicates pressure as voltages. ECM supplies regulated 5 V to canister pressure sensor, and uses feedback from
sensor sensor to monitor EVAP system pressure (refer to fig. 2).