ES–82
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The ECM uses information from the Air-Fuel Ratio (A/F) sensor to regulate the air-fuel ratio and keep it
close to the stoichiometric level. This maximizes the ability of the Three-Way Catalytic Converter (TWC) to
purify the exhaust gases.
The A/F sensor detects oxygen levels in the exhaust gas and transmits the information to the ECM. The
inner surface of the sensor element is exposed to the outside air. The outer surface of the sensor element
is exposed to the exhaust gas. The sensor element is made of platinum coated zirconia and includes an
integrated heating element.
The zirconia element generates a small voltage when there is a large difference in the oxygen
concentrations between the exhaust gas and outside air. The platinum coating amplifies this voltage
generation.
The A/F sensor is more efficient when heated. When the exhaust gas temperature is low, the sensor
cannot generate useful voltage signals without supplementary heating. The ECM regulates the
ES
supplementary heating using a duty-cycle approach to adjust the average current in the sensor heater
element. If the heater current is outside the normal range, the signal transmitted by the A/F sensor
becomes inaccurate, as a result, the ECM is unable to regulate air-fuel ratio properly.
When the current in the A/F sensor heater is outside the normal operating range, the ECM interprets this
as a malfunction in the sensor heater and sets a DTC.
Example:
The ECM sets DTC P0032 when the current in the A/F sensor heater is more than 10 A. Conversely,
when the heater current is less than 0.8 A, DTC P0031 is set.
MONITOR STRATEGY
P0031: A/F sensor heater open/short (Low electrical current)
Related DTCs
P0032: A/F sensor heater open/short (High electrical current)
Required Sensors/Components (Main) A/F sensor heater
Required Sensors/Components (Related) -
Frequency of Operation Continuous
Duration 10 seconds
MIL Operation Immediate
Sequence of Operation None
TYPICAL ENABLING CONDITIONS
All:
Monitor runs whenever following DTCs not present None
P0031:
Battery voltage 10.5 V or more
A/F sensor heater duty-cycle ratio 50 % or more
Time after engine start 10 seconds or more
P0032:
Time after engine start 10 seconds or more
TYPICAL MALFUNCTION THRESHOLDS
P0031:
A/F sensor heater current Less than 0.8 A
P0032:
A/F sensor heater current More than 10 A