ES–299
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Oxygen (A/F) Sensor Signal Stuck Lean (Bank 1
DTC P2195
Sensor 1)
Oxygen (A/F) Sensor Signal Stuck Rich (Bank 1
DTC P2196
Sensor 1)
HINT:
• Although the DTC titles say oxygen sensor, these DTCs relate to the Air-Fuel Ratio (A/F) sensor.
• Sensor 1 refers to the sensor mounted in front of the Three-Way Catalytic Converter (TWC) and
located near the engine assembly.
ES
DESCRIPTION
The A/F sensor generates a voltage* that corresponds to the actual air-fuel ratio. This sensor voltage is
used to provide the ECM with feedback so that it can control the air-fuel ratio. The ECM determines the
deviation from the stoichiometric air-fuel ratio level, and regulates the fuel injection time. If the A/F sensor
malfunctions, the ECM is unable to control the air-fuel ratio accurately.
The A/F sensor is of the planar type and is integrated with the heater, which heats the solid electrolyte
(zirconia element). This heater is controlled by the ECM. When the intake air volume is low (the exhaust
gas temperature is low), a current flows into the heater to heat the sensor, in order to facilitate accurate
air-fuel ratio detection. In addition, the sensor and heater portions are narrower than the conventional
type. The heat generated by the heater is conducted to the solid electrolyte through the alumina, therefore
the sensor activation is accelerated.
In order to obtain a high purification rate of the carbon monoxide (CO), hydrocarbon (HC) and nitrogen
oxide (NOx) components in the exhaust gas, a TWC is used. For the most efficient use of the TWC, the
air-fuel ratio must be precisely controlled so that it is always close to the stoichiometric level.
*: Value changes inside the ECM. Since the A/F sensor is the current output element, a current is
converted into a voltage inside the ECM. Any measurements taken at the A/F sensor or ECM connectors
will show a constant voltage.
ECM Monitored
A/F Sensor Voltage
Alumina
Heater
Solid Electrolyte
(Zirconia Element)
Element
Cover Platinum Electrode
Atmospheric Air
Exhaust Gas
Air-Fuel Ratio
A A
A-A Cross Section
A107164E06