ES–74
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
DTC No. DTC Detection Conditions Trouble Areas
Advanced camshaft timing:
With warm engine and engine speed of between 550 rpm and
4,000 rpm, all conditions (1), (2) and (3) met (1 trip detection
• Valve timing
logic):
• OCV
1. Difference between target and actual intake valve timings
P0011 • OCV filter
more than 5°CA (Crankshaft Angle) for 4.5 seconds
• Camshaft timing gear assembly
2. Current intake valve timing fixed (timing changes less than
• ECM
5°CA in 5 seconds)
3. Variations in VVT controller timing more than 19°CA of
maximum delayed timing (malfunction in advance timing)
Retarded camshaft timing:
With warm engine and engine speed of between 550 rpm and
4,000 rpm, all conditions (1), (2) and (3) met (2 trip detection
• Valve timing
logic):
• OCV
ES 1. Difference between target and actual intake valve timings
P0012 • OCV filter
more than 5°CA (Crankshaft Angle) for 4.5 seconds
• Camshaft timing gear assembly
2. Current intake valve timing fixed (timing changes less than
• ECM
5°CA in 5 seconds)
3. Variations in VVT controller timing 19°CA or less of
maximum delayed timing (malfunction in retarded timing)
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The ECM optimizes the intake valve timing using the VVT (Variable Valve Timing) system to control the
intake camshaft. The VVT system includes the ECM, the Oil Control Valve (OCV) and the VVT controller.
The ECM sends a target duty-cycle control signal to the OCV. This control signal regulates the oil
pressure supplied to the VVT controller. The VVT controller can advance or retard the intake camshaft.
If the difference between the target and actual intake valve timings is large, and changes in the actual
intake valve timing are small, the ECM interprets this as the VVT controller stuck malfunction and sets a
DTC.
Example:
A DTC is set when the following conditions 1, 2 and 3 are met:
1. The difference between the target and actual intake valve timing is more than 5°CA (Crankshaft
Angle) and the condition continues for more than 4.5 seconds.
2. It takes 5 seconds or more to change the valve timing by 5°CA.
3. After above conditions 1 and 2 are met, the OCV is forcibly activated 63 times or more.
DTC P0011 (Advanced Cam Timing) is subject to 1 trip detection logic.
DTC P0012 (Retarded Cam Timing) is subject to 2 trip detection logic.
These DTCs indicate that the VVT controller cannot operate properly due to OCV malfunctions or the
presence of foreign objects in the OCV.
The monitor will run if all of the following conditions are met:
– The engine is warm (the engine coolant temperature is 75°C [167°F] or more).
– The vehicle has been driven at more than 64 km/h (40 mph) for 3 minutes.
– The engine has idled for 3 minutes.
MONITOR STRATEGY
P0011: Advanced camshaft timing
Related DTCs
P0012: Retarded camshaft timing
Required Sensors/Components (Main) VVT OCV and VVT Actuator
Crankshaft position sensor, camshaft position sensor and Engine
Required Sensors/Components (Related)
coolant temperature sensor
Frequency of Operation Once per driving cycle
Duration Within 10 seconds
Advanced camshaft timing: Immediate
MIL Operation
Retarded camshaft timing: 2 driving cycles
Sequence of Operation None