ES–343
2AZ-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
EVAP System Circuit:
Throttle Valve Air Cleaner
Soak Timer
Intake Manifold ECM
Canister Pump Module
Purge VSV
Canister Filter
Fuel Cap
Canister
Refueling Valve
ES
Restrictor (0.08 inch)
Cut-off Valve
Roll-Over Valve
Fuel Tank
A122570E02
NOTICE:
In this vehicle's EVAP system, turning ON the vent valve does not seal off the EVAP system. To
check for leaks in the EVAP system, disconnect the air inlet vent hose and apply pressure from
the atmospheric side of the canister.
While the engine is running, if a predetermined condition (closed-loop, etc.) is met, the purge VSV is
opened by the ECM and stored fuel vapors in the canister are purged into the intake manifold. The ECM
changes the duty cycle ratio of the purge VSV to control purge flow volume.
The purge flow volume is also determined by the intake manifold pressure. Atmospheric pressure is
allowed into the canister through the vent valve to ensure that the purge flow is maintained when the
negative pressure (vacuum) is applied to the canister.
The following two monitors run to confirm the appropriate EVAP system operation.
1. Key-off monitor
This monitor checks for EVAP (Evaporative Emission) system leaks and canister pump module
malfunctions. The monitor starts 5 hours* after the ignition switch is turned OFF. At least 5 hours are
required for the fuel to cool down to stabilize the EVAP pressure, thus making the EVAP system
monitor more accurate.
The leak detection pump creates negative pressure (vacuum) in the EVAP system and the pressure
is measured. Finally, the ECM monitors for leaks from the EVAP system, and malfunctions in both the
canister pump module and purge VSV, based on the EVAP pressure.
HINT:
*: If the engine coolant temperature is not below 35°C (95°F) 5 hours after the ignition switch is
turned OFF, the monitor check starts 2 hours later. If it is still not below 35°C (95°F) 7 hours after the
ignition switch is turned OFF, the monitor check starts 2.5 hours later.
2. Purge flow monitor
The purge flow monitor consists of the two monitors. The 1st monitor is conducted every time and the
2nd monitor is activated if necessary.
• The 1st monitor
While the engine is running and the purge VSV (Vacuum Switching Valve) is ON (open), the ECM
monitors the purge flow by measuring the EVAP pressure change. If negative pressure is not
created, the ECM begins the 2nd monitor.