CO–7
2AZ-FE COOLING – COOLANT
(d) Continue adding TOYOTA SLLC until it is filled to
B Line the B line at the base of the reservoir's filler neck.
HINT:
The B line is the lower edge of the inner wall of the
filler neck.
Standard capacity:
6.8 liters (7.2 Us qts, 5.9 Imp. qts)
HINT:
TOYOTA vehicles are filled with TOYOTA SLLC at
the factory. In order to avoid damage to the engine
A112307E01
cooling system and other technical problems, only
use TOYOTA SLLC or similar high quality ethylene
glycol based non-silicate, non-amine, non-nitrite,
non-borate coolant with long-life hybrid organic acid
technology (coolant with long-life hybrid organic
acid technology consists of a combination of low
phosphates and organic acids).
NOTICE:
Never use water as a substitute for engine
coolant.
(e) Press the No. 1 and No. 2 radiator hoses several
times by hand, and then check the level of the
coolant. If the coolant level drops below the B line,
add TOYOTA SLLC to the B line.
(f) Install the radiator reservoir cap.
(g) Start the engine and warm it up until the cooling fan
operates.
(1) Set the air conditioning as follows while
warming up the engine.
Item Specified Condition
Manual Air Conditioning System Fan speed: Any setting except OFF
Temperature: Toward WARM
CO
Air conditioning switch: OFF
Automatic Air Conditioning System Temperature: Toward MAX
Air conditioning switch: OFF
(2) Maintain the engine speed at 2,000 to 2,500
rpm and warm up the engine until the cooling
fan operates.
NOTICE:
• Make sure that the radiator reservoir still
has some coolant in it.
• Pay attention to the needle of the water
temperature meter. Make sure that the
needle does not show an abnormally
high temperature.
• If there is not enough coolant, the engine
may burn out or overheat.
• Immediately after starting the engine, if
the radiator reservoir does not have any
coolant, perform the following: 1) stop
the engine, 2) wait until the coolant has
cooled down, and 3) add coolant until the
coolant is filled to the B line.