IN-12 INTRODUCTION
HANDLING PRECAUTIONS OF PLASTIC BODY PARTS
1. The repair procedure for plastic body parts must conform with the type of plastic material.
2. Plastic body parts are identified by the codes in the following table.
3. When repairing metal body parts adjoining plastic body parts (by brazing, frame cutting, welding, paint-
ing etc.), consideration must be given to the properties of the plastic.
Heat*
Material resistant Resistance to
Code Notes
name temperature alcohol or gasoline
limit (cid:1)C ((cid:1)F)
Alcohol is harmless if applied only for
Acrylonitrile 80 Avoid gasoline and organic
AAS short time in small amounts (e.g., quick
Acrylic Styrene (176) or aromatic solvents.
wiping to remove grease).
Alcohol is harmless if applied only for
Acrylonitrile 80 Avoid gasoline and organic
ABS short time in small amounts (e.g., quick
Butadiene Styrene (176) or aromatic solvents.
wiping to remove grease).
Alcohol is harmless if applied only for
Acrylonitrile 80 Avoid gasoline and organic
AES short time in small amounts (e.g., quick
Ethylene Styrene (176) or aromatic solvents.
wiping to remove grease).
Acrylonitrile Alcohol is harmless if applied only for
80 Avoid gasoline and organic
ASA Styrene short time in small amounts (e.g., quick
(176) or aromatic solvents.
Acrylate wiping to remove grease).
Alcohol is harmless. Most solvents are harmless
Ethylene 100
EPDM Gasoline is harmless if applied only for but avoid dipping in gasoline,
Propylene (212)
short time in small amounts. solvents, etc.
Polyamide 80
PA Alcohol and gasoline are harmless. Avoid battery acid.
(Nylon) (176)
Polybutylene 160
PBT Alcohol and gasoline are harmless. Most solvents are harmless.
Terephthalate (320)
Avoid gasoline, brake fluid,
120
PC Polycarbonate Alcohol is harmless. wax, wax removers and
(248)
organic solvents. Avoid alkali.
Polyoxymethylene 100
POM Alcohol and gasoline are harmless. Most solvents are harmless.
(Polyacetal) (212)
80
PP Polypropylene Alcohol and gasoline are harmless. Most solvents are harmless.
(176)
Avoid dipping or immersing
Polymethyl 80 Alcohol is harmless if applied only for
PMMA in alcohol, gasoline,
Methacrylate (176) short time in small amounts.
solvents, etc.
Alcohol and gasoline are harmless if
Avoid dipping or immersing
Polyvinylchloride 80 applied only for short time in small
PVC in alcohol, gasoline,
(Vinyl) (176) amounts (e.g., quick wiping to remove
solvents, etc.
grease).
Alcohol is harmless. Most solvents are harmless
Thermoplastic 80
TPO Gasoline is harmless if applied only for but avoid dipping in gasoline,
Olefine (176)
short time in small amounts. solvents, etc.
TOYOTA
80
TSOP Super Alcohol and gasoline are harmless. Most solvents are harmless.
(176)
Olefine Polymer
*Temperatures higher than those listed here may result in material deformation during repair.