INTRODUCTION IN-9
HANDLING PRECAUTIONS ON RELATED COMPONENTS
1. BRAKE SYSTEM
The brake system is one of the most important safety components. Always follow the directions and
notes given in the brake section of the repair manual for the relevant model year when handling brake
system parts.
NOTICE: When repairing the brake master cylinder or TRAC system, bleed the air out of the TRAC sys-
tem.
2. DRIVE TRAIN AND CHASSIS
The drive train and chassis are components that can have great effects on the running performance and
vibration resistance of the vehicle. After installing components in the sections listed in the table below,
perform alignments to ensure correct mounting angles and dimensions. Body repair must be particularly
accurate to ensure correct alignment.
HINT: Correct procedures and special tools are required for alignment. Always follow the directions giv-
en in the repair manual for the relevant model year during alignment and in section DI of this section.
Section of repair manual
Component to be aligned
for relevant model
Front Wheels Front Suspension section
Rear Wheels Rear Suspension section
3. COMPONENTS ADJACENT TO THE BODY PANELS
Various types of component parts are mounted directly on or adjacently to the body panels. Strictly ob-
serve the following precautions to prevent damaging these components and the body panels during han-
dling.
(cid:1) Before repairing the body panels, remove their components or apply protective covers over the com-
ponents.
(cid:1) Before prying components off using a screwdriver or a scraper, etc., attach protective tape to the tool
tip or blade to prevent damaging the components and the body paint.
(cid:1) Before removing components from the outer surface of the body, attach protective tape to the body to
ensure no damage to painted areas.
HINT: Apply touch-up paint to any damaged paint surfaces.
(cid:1) Before drilling or cutting sections, make sure that there are no wires, etc., on the reverse side.
4. ECU (ELECTRONIC CONTROL UNIT)
Many ECUs are mounted in this vehicle.
Take the following precautions during body repair to prevent damage to the ECUs.
(cid:1) Before starting electric welding operations, disconnect the negative (−) terminal cable from the bat-
tery.
When the negative (−) terminal cable is disconnected from the battery, the memory of the clock and
audio systems will be erased. So, before starting work, make a record of the contents memorized by
each memory system. Then when work is finished, reset the clock and audio systems as before.
When the vehicle has tilt and telescopic steering, power seats and outside rear view mirrors, which are
all equipped with a memory function, it is not possible to make a record of the memory contents.
When the operation is finished, it will be necessary to explain this fact to the customer, and request the
customer to adjust the features and reset the memory.
(cid:1) Do not expose the ECUs to ambient temperatures above 80(cid:2)C (176(cid:2)F).
NOTICE: Since it is possible that the ambient temperature may reach 80(cid:2)C (176(cid:2)F) or more, remove
the ECUs from the vehicle before starting work.
(cid:1) Be careful not to drop the ECUs and not to apply physical shocks to them.