CH-102 CHASSIS - BRAKE
10. Diagnosis
General
If the skid control ECU detects a malfunction in the brake control system (ABS with EBD), the ABS and
brake system warning lights that correspond to the function in which the malfunction have been detected
indicate or light up to alert the driver of the malfunction as indicated in the table below.
(cid:5): Light ON —: Light OFF
Item ABS EBD Skid Control ECU
ABS Warning Light (cid:5) (cid:5) (cid:5)
Brake System Warning Light — (cid:5) (cid:5)
(cid:3) At the same time, the DTC (Diagnostic Trouble Code) are stored in the memory. The DTC can be read
by connecting the SST (09843-18040) between the Tc and CG terminals of DLC3 and observing the
blinks of the ABS warning light, or by connecting a hand-held tester.
(cid:3) This system has a sensor signal check (test mode) function. This function is activated by connecting the
SST (09843-18040) between the Ts and CG terminal of the DLC3 or by connecting a hand-held tester.
(cid:3) If the skid control ECU detects a malfunction during a sensor signal check (test mode), it stores the DTC
in its memory. These DTC can be read during a sensor check operation by connecting the SST
(09843-18040) to the Tc and CG terminals of the DLC3 and observing the blinking of the ABS warning
light or a connecting hand-held tester.
Service Tip
The skid control ECU uses the CAN protocol for diagnostic communication. Therefore, a hand-held
tester and a dedicated adapter [CAN VIM (Vehicle Interface Module)] are required for accessing
diagnostic data. For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
Diagnosis of CAN
(cid:3) If a malfunction occurs on a CAN communication line, the skid control ECU is connected to the CAN
communication lines and it will store the DTC (Diagnostic Trouble Code) in its memory.
(cid:3) There are 2-digit DTC and 5-digit DTC for CAN communications related to the brake control system
(ABS with EBD and brake assist).
- 2-digit DTC can be read by connecting the SST (09843-18040) to Tc and CG terminals of the DLC3,
and observing the diagnostic code indicated on the multi-information display in the combination
meter.
- 5-digit DTC can be read by connecting a hand-held tester to the DLC3.
Service Tip
The skid control ECU uses the CAN protocol for diagnostic communication. Therefore, a hand-held
tester and a dedicated adapter [CAN VIM (Vehicle Interface Module)] are required for accessing
diagnostic data. For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
Fail-Safe
(cid:3) In the event of a malfunction in the ABS, the skid control ECU prohibits the ABS operation.
(cid:3) In the event of a malfunction in EBD control, the skid control ECU prohibits EBD control. Thus, the
brake will be operated in the same condition as the system without the ABS with EBD.