BE-60 BODY ELECTRICAL - AIR CONDITIONING
2. Neural Network Control
(cid:1) In previous automatic air conditioning systems, the A/C ECU determined the required outlet air
temperature and blower air volume in accordance with the calculation formula that has been obtained
based on information received from the sensors. However, because the senses of a person are rather
complex, a given temperature is sensed differently, depending on the environment in which the person is
situated. For example, a given amount of solar radiation can feel comfortably warm in a cold climate, or
extremely uncomfortable in a hot climate. Therefore, as a technique for effecting a higher level of control,
a neural network is used in the automatic air conditioning system. With this technique, the data that has
been collected under varying environmental conditions is stored in the A/C ECU. The A/C ECU can then
effect control to provide enhanced air conditioning comfort.
(cid:1) The neural network control consists of neurons in the input layer, intermediate layer, and output layer. The
input layer neurons process the input data of the outside temperature, the amount of sunlight, and the room
temperature based on the outputs of the switches and sensors, and output them to the intermediate layer
neurons. Based on this data, the intermediate layer neurons adjust the strength of the links among the
neurons. The sum of these is then calculated by the output layer neurons in the form of the required outlet
temperature, solar correction, target airflow volume, and outlet mode control volume. Accordingly, the
A/C ECU controls the servo motors and blower motor in accordance with the control volumes that have
been calculated by the neural network control.
Control
Neural
Intermediate Layer
Input Networking Output
Processing Processing
Target Outlet
Input Layer
Temp. Output Layer
Temp. Control Air Mix Control Outside
Correction Damper
Amount of Temp.
Temp. Setting Sunlight Correction
Various Types of
Target Airflow Amount of
Airflow Volume Blower Motor
Volume Sunlight
Corrections
Various Types
Sensor Input Outlet Mode of Mode Mode Control Room
Corrections Damper Temp.
Various Types Air Inlet Control
Inlet Mode
of Corrections Damper
Switch Input Target Output
Temp.
Compressor Compressor
: Neural Network Operation Range
189BE109