BE-76 BODY ELECTRICAL - POWER WINDOW SYSTEM
POWER WINDOW SYSTEM
(cid:4)DESCRIPTION
(cid:3) A power window motor with built-in ECU is provided on the driver side door of XLE grade models. The
ECU effects power window control.
(cid:3) The power window system has the following functions:
Grade
Function Outline LE
XXLLEE
SE
This function causes the driver door window to open or close
while the power window switch is being pulled halfway up or
Manual
pushed halfway down. Windows other than the driver door
up-and-down (cid:5) (cid:5)
window can be opened or closed by fully pulling up or fully
(All Doors)
pushing down the switch. The window stops as soon as the
switch is released.
One-touch auto The one-touch auto up-and-down function enables the window
up-and-down to be fully opened or closed with a single touch of the power (cid:5) —
(Driver Door) window switch.
One-touch auto The one-touch auto down function enables the window to be
— (cid:5)
down (Driver Door) fully opened with a single touch of the power window switch.
A jam protection function automatically stops the power
Jam Protection
window and moves it downward if a foreign object gets (cid:5) —
(Driver Door)
jammed in the window during one-touch auto-up operation.
Remote Control The power window master switch can control the
(cid:5) (cid:5)
(All Doors) up-and-down operations of the windows.
Power window operation of the 3 passenger windows is
Window Lock (cid:5) (cid:5)
disabled when the window lock switch is pressed.
This function makes it possible to operate the power windows
Key Off Operation
for approximately 43 seconds after the power source is turned (cid:5) (cid:5)
(Driver Door)
to OFF, if the driver’s door is not opened.
When the power window ECU detects the following
conditions, the self-diagnosis function switches the ECU to
failsafe mode. The power window switch illumination (LED)
flashes to inform the user.
Diagnosis (cid:5) —
(cid:3) An abnormality in the Hall IC that detects the position,
speed and direction of the window.
(cid:3) An error in the window detection position and the upper
limit position recorded in the power window ECU.
If the Hall IC in the power window ECU malfunctions, some
power window functions will be prohibited by the failsafe
mode:
(cid:3) Power windows can be operated using the power window
Fail-Safe (cid:5) —
switches within 40 seconds of failsafe mode being entered.
(cid:3) Each power window operates when the corresponding
power window switch is fully pushed down or pulled up and
held in that position.