ENGINE - 2GR-FE ENGINE EG-133
Operation
(cid:3) As indicated in the below timing chart, when the ECM detects a STSW signal (start signal) from the main
body ECU, the ECM outputs STAR signal (starter relay drive signal) through the starter cut relay to the
starter relay and actuates the starter. The ECM also outputs ACCR signal (ACC-cut request signal) to
the main body ECU. Thus, the main body ECU will not energize the ACC relay. If the engine is already
running, the ECM stops the output of the STAR signal to the starter relay and the output of the ACCR
signal to the main body ECU. Thus, the starter operation stops and the main body ECU energizes the ACC
relay.
(cid:3) After the starter operates and the engine speed becomes higher than approximately 500 rpm, the ECM
determines that the engine has started and stops the output of the STAR signal to the starter relay and the
output of ACCR signal to the main body ECU. Thus, the starter operation stops and the main body ECU
energizes the ACC relay.
(cid:3) If the engine has any failure and does not start, the starter operates as long as its maximum continuous
operation time and stops automatically. The maximum continuous operation time is approximately 2
seconds through 25 seconds depending on the water temperature condition. When the engine water
temperature is extremely low, it is approximately 25 seconds and when the engine is warmed up
sufficiently, it is approximately 2 seconds.
(cid:3) This system cuts off the current that powers the accessories while the engine is cranking to prevent the
accessory illumination from operating intermittently due to the unstable voltage that is associated with
the cranking of the engine.
(cid:3) This system has following protections.
- While the engine is running normally, the starter does not operate.
- Even if the driver keeps pressing the engine switch, the ECM stops the output of the STAR and ACCR
signals when the engine speed becomes higher than 1200 rpm. Thus, the starter operation stops and
the main body ECU energizes the ACC relay.
- In case the driver keeps pressing the engine switch and the engine does not start, the ECM stops the
output of the STAR and ACCR signals after 30 seconds have elapsed. Thus, the starter operation stops
and the main body ECU energizes the ACC relay.
- Thus, the main body ECU will stop the operation of the starter.
- In case the ECM cannot detect an engine speed signal while the starter is operating, the ECM will
immediately stop the output of the STAR and ACCR signals. Thus, the starter operation stops and the
main body ECU energizes the ACC relay.
(cid:1) Timing Chart (cid:2)
ON
STSW Signal
(Start Signal)
OFF
Cranking Limit
Approx. 2 to 25 sec.
STAR Signal ON
(Starter Relay
Drive Signal) OFF
ON
ACC Relay (OFF)
(ACCR Signal)
OFF
(ON) Successful
Starting of Engine
Engine Speed
Signal (NE) Failed Starting of
Engine
ECM determines that the engine has started
successfully when the engine speed is
approximately 500 rpm.
230LX17