BODY ELECTRICAL - SMART KEY SYSTEM BE-97
6. Start Function Operation
General
The start function has different power source patterns to suit the brake pedal state and shift lever position.
Pattern Brake Pedal Shift Lever Power Source Pattern
When the engine switch is pushed once.
A Depressed P or N Position
(cid:3) OFF (cid:1) IG ON (after the engine is started)
Each time the engine switch is pushed.
B P Position
(cid:3) OFF (cid:1) ACC (cid:1) IG ON (cid:1) OFF
NNoott DDeepprreesssseedd
Each time the engine switch is pushed.
C Except P Position
(cid:3) OFF (cid:1) ACC (cid:1) IG ON (cid:1) ACC
When the engine switch is pushed in the IG-ON
D — P Position
condition.
When the engine switch is pushed in the IG-ON
E — Except P Position
condition.
(cid:1) Transition of Power Source (cid:2)
Shift Position P N Except P, N
Pattern B or D A or D — C or E A or E C or E —
Engine Switch Push Push — Push Push Push Push
Brake — Depressed — — Depressed — Depressed
After
Hour — — — — — —
1 hour
OFF
Power ACC
Source
IG
Engine
Start
: Transition
285BE144
: Only when the key certification is OK
: Only when the vehicle is stopped
NOTE: (cid:3) Normally, the operation of the engine switch is disabled while the vehicle is being driven.
However, in an emergency, by pressing the engine switch for approximately 3 seconds or more,
the driver can stop the engine while the vehicle is in motion.
(cid:3) If no signals are transmitted to the main body ECU due to malfunctions in the stop light switch
or park/neutral start switch, the engine may not start when the engine switch is pressed with
the brake pedal depressed. In such cases, performing the following procedure may be enable
the engine to start: 1) press the engine switch to turn the power source from OFF to ACC, and
2) press the engine switch again and hold it for 15 seconds or more.
(cid:3) Above 2 operations must be applied only in emergency situations. Under normal conditions,
the engine must not be stopped by pressing the engine switch during driving or started without
depressing the brake pedal when the shift lever is in any position other than P or N.