BE-180 BODY ELECTRICAL - GARAGE DOOR OPENER
GARAGE DOOR OPENER
(cid:2)DESCRIPTION
The garage door opener system is used on the XLE grade model as standard equipment and on the other grade
model as optional equipment.
This system enables the garage door to be opened or closed from inside the vehicle by operating the switch.
This system provides the features listed below.
(cid:1) Up to three types of transmitter codes can be registered in the garage door opener.
(cid:1) The garage door opener switch is provided in the overhead console where it is easily accessible.
(cid:1) An indicator light is provided to enable the operator to verify the operation mode of the garage door opener.
(cid:1) A rolling code function is used, which changes the transmitter code each time the garage door opener
switch is pressed.
Garage Door Opener Switch
LED Indicator Light
025BE184P
(cid:2)FUNCTION
The following table shows the garage door opener functions and the indicator light operation in each of the
modes.
Function Outline Indicator Light
While the switch is being pressed, the garage door opener Flash (cid:1) On
Transmission transmits the code that was previously registered. Even if the (Rolling Code)
Mode button is pressed continuously, the transmission stops after 20 ON
seconds. (Except Rolling Code)
When the button is pressed continuously for 20 seconds, the
Slow flashing
mode changes to learning mode in which a transmitter code
Learning (during learning mode)
can be registered. Or an existing code can be overwritten. If
Mode Quick flashing
no codes are registered within 90 seconds of entering learning
(registration completed)
mode, the mode changes to low power mode.
When the 2 outside buttons are pressed simultaneously for 20
seconds, all the transmitter codes that are registered in the
button are cleared.
All Delete When the buttons are released within 10 seconds of clearing Quick flashing
Mode the codes, the mode changes to learning mode. (code clearing completed)
When the buttons are pressed for longer than 10 seconds after
clearing the codes, all the buttons will be registered with a
code for operation verification.
If the button remains pressed for longer than 100 seconds,
Low Power such as in the case in which the pressed button gets caught, the
OFF
Mode mode changes to low power mode to reduce power
consumption.