BODY ELECTRICAL - SMART KEY SYSTEM BE-109
3. Function of Main Components
Component Function
The key consists of a mechanical key, the transmitter for the
wireless door lock remote control, the transceiver for the smart
Key
key system and a transponder chip for the engine immobilizer
control.
Controls the smart key system in accordance with the signals
from each oscillator, various switches, ECUs and the key.
(cid:3) Judges and certifies the ID code from the tuner.
Certification ECU
(cid:3) Transmits the engine immobilizer deactivation signal to the ID
code box.
(cid:3) Transmits steering unlock signals to the steering lock ECU.
Controls the smart key system in accordance with the signals
from the various switches, ECUs and combination meter.
(cid:3) Transmits the key certification request signal to the
certification ECU in accordance with the engine switch signal,
Main Body ECU
and turns the relays ON and OFF.
(cid:3) Receives the request signal from the certification ECU and
actuates the door lock motor to unlock or lock the door.
(cid:3) Transmits the condition each door to the certification ECU.
Receives and certifies the engine immobilizer deactivation signal
ID Code Box
transmitted from the certification ECU, and sends it to the ECM.
Antenna Transmits the request signals.
OOutsiidde
Touch Sensor Detects when a person touches the inside of an outer door handle.
HHaannddllee
Lock Switch Transmits door lock request signals to the certification ECU.
((FFrroonntt RRHH aanndd
LH) Receives the request signal from the certification ECU, and
Door Oscillator
creates an actuation area around front door.
RRoooomm OOsscciillllaattoorr RReecceeiivveess tthhee rreeqquueesstt ssiiggnnaall ffrroomm tthhee cceerrttiiffiiccaattiioonn EECCUU,, aanndd
(cid:3) Front and Rear forms the actuation area in the vehicle interior.
TTrruunnkk OOsscciillllaattoorr RReecceeiivveess tthhee rreeqquueesstt ssiiggnnaall ffrroomm tthhee cceerrttiiffiiccaattiioonn EECCUU,, aanndd
(cid:3) Inner forms the actuation area in the trunk.
TTrruunnkk OOsscciillllaattoorr RReecceeiivveess tthhee rreeqquueesstt ssiiggnnaall ffrroomm tthhee cceerrttiiffiiccaattiioonn EECCUU,, aanndd
(cid:3) Outer forms the actuation area around the trunk lid.
(cid:3) Receives the ID code from the key in the actuation area and
transmits it to certification ECU.
Tuner
(cid:3) Receives the ID code from the key in the trunk and transmits
it to certification ECU.
Receives the ID code from the key in the luggage room and
Trunk Antenna
transmits it to the tuner.
Trunk Open Switch Transmits a trunk lid open request signal to certification ECU.
Sounds as an answerback for entry lock or unlock to inform the
Wireless Door Lock Buzzer
driver.
Multi-information
When the certification ECU detects human error, it warns the
Display
ddrriivveerr bbyy ssoouunnddiinngg tthhee wwiirreelleessss ddoooorr lloocckk bbuuzzzzeerr aanndd tthhee bbuuzzzzeerr
CCombbiinattiion
Master Warning in the combination meter, and by illuminating a warning on the
Meter
Light multi-information dispplayy and the master warningg ligght,, in
Buzzer accordance with the request signal from the certification ECU.