BE-94 BODY ELECTRICAL - SMART KEY SYSTEM
4. Function of Main Components
Component Function
(cid:3) Transmits the engine switch signal to the main body ECU.
(cid:3) Informs the driver of any power source or system abnormality
Engine Switch through the illumination stage of the indicator light.
(cid:3) Transponder Key Amplifier (cid:3) Receives the ID code and transmits it to the certification ECU
when the key battery is too weak to respond to the tuner based
on the room oscillators.
Receives the signals from the oscillators and returns the ID code
Key
to the tuner. For details, see page BE-110.
Room Oscillator Receives a request signal from the certification ECU and forms the
(cid:3) Front and Rear actuation area in the vehicle interior.
Receives the ID code from the key and transmits it to certification
Tuner
ECU.
(cid:3) Switches the power source among four modes (OFF, ACC,
IG-ON, START) in accordance with the shift position and the
Main Body ECU state of the stop light switch.
(cid:3) Controls the smart key system in accordance with the signals
received from the switches and each ECU.
Certifies the ID code received from the tuner and transmits the
Certification ECU
certification results to the ID code box and steering lock ECU.
Stop Light Switch Outputs the state of the brake pedal to main body ECU.
Receives the steering unlock or engine immobilizer
disengage/engage signals from the certification ECU, certifies
ID Code Box
them, and transmits each disengage/engage signal to the steering
lock ECU or ECM.
Receives the steering unlock/lock signal from ID code box, and
Steering Lock ECU
activates the steering lock motor.
(cid:3) Receives the engine start request signal from the main body
ECU, turns ON the ST relay, and starts the engine.
ECM
(cid:3) Receives the signal from the ID code box and performs engine
ignition and injection.
Multi-information
Informs the driver of malfunctions in the smart key system.
CCoommbbiinnaattiioonn Display
Meter Master Warning Illuminates simultaneously with a buzzer sound to inform the
Light driver of malfunctions in the smart key system.