CH-58 CHASSIS - U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE
(cid:4)ELECTRONIC CONTROL SYSTEM
1. General
The electronic control system of the U660E automatic transaxle consists of the control listed below.
System Outline
The ECT ECU supplies current to 6 solenoid valves (SL1, SL2, SL3, SL4,
Shift Timing Control
SL and/or SLU) based on signals from each sensor to shift the gear.
Clutch to Clutch Controls the pressure that is applied directly to the C1, C2 clutches and
Pressure Control B1, B3 brakes by actuating the shift solenoid valves (SL1, SL2, SL3 and
(See page CH-65) SL4) in accordance with ECT ECU signals.
Line Pressure Actuates solenoid valve SLT to control the line pressure in accordance
Optimal Control with information from the ECT ECU and the operating conditions of the
(See page CH-66) transaxle.
Powertrain
Controls both the shift control and engine output control in an integrated
Cooperative Control
way, achieving excellent shift characteristics and drivability.
(See page CH-67)
Lock-up Timing The ECT ECU supplies current to shift solenoid valves SL and SLU
Control based on signals from each sensor and engages or disengages the lock-up
(See page CH-68) clutch.
Flex Lock-up Controls solenoid valves SLU and SL, provides an intermediate mode
Clutch Control between the ON/OFF operation of the lock-up clutch, and increases the
(See page CH-69) operating range of the lock-up clutch to improve fuel economy.
Coast Downshift Control The ECT ECU performs downshift control so that fuel cut control can
(See page CH-70) continue for as long as possible during deceleration.
AI (Artificial Intelligence) Based on the signals from various sensors, the ECT ECU determines the
-SHIFT road condition and the intention of the driver. Thus, the shift pattern is
(See page CH-71) automatically regulated to an optimal level, improving drivability.
Multi-Mode Automatic The ECT ECU appropriately controls the automatic transaxle in
Transmission accordance with the range position selected while the shift lever is in the
(See page CH-73) S mode position.
Diagnosis When the ECT ECU detects a malfunction, the ECT ECU makes a
(See page CH-75) diagnosis and memorizes the malfunctioning part.
Even if a malfunction is detected in the sensors or solenoids, the ECT
Fail-safe
ECU activates fail-safe control to prevent the vehicle’s drivability from
(See page CH-75)
being significantly affected.