BE-110 BODY ELECTRICAL - SMART KEY SYSTEM
4. Construction and Operation
Key
The key consists of a mechanical key, a transmitter for the wireless door lock remote control and a
transceiver for the smart key system, and a transponder chip for the engine immobilizer control.
(cid:3) The transceiver function of the key receives the signals from the oscillators and returns the ID code to
the tuner.
(cid:3) The transmitter function for the wireless door lock remote control has a LOCK button, UNLOCK button,
TRUNK button, and PANIC button.
(cid:3) The transponder chip in the key for the engine immobilizer control returns a signal to the engine switch
as a response to the radio wave it received from the engine switch.
(cid:3) This mechanical key operates the driver door lock cylinder, glove box lock cylinder, and trunk strage
extensiion lock cylinder but cannot be used to start the engine.
A total of four keys can be registered. For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
LOCK Button
UNLOCK Button
TRUNK Button
PANIC Button
Mechanical Key
025BE92TE
Oscillator (Driver and Front Passenger Door, Front and Rear Rooms, Trunk Inner, Trunk
Outer)
Each oscillator functions based on a request signal received from the certification ECU, and creates a key
actuation area that is used to detect the presence of a key.
The actuation area formed by the front door oscillator and trunk outer oscillator is approximately 0.7 to 1.0
m (2.3 to 3.3 ft.) from the outside handle of the front doors, or the center of the rear bumper.
(cid:3) The actuation area of front door oscillator is formed by transmitting a request signal every 0.25 seconds
while the engine switch is OFF and each door is locked. In this way it detects the proximity of a key. When
locking the door using the lock switch on the outer door handle, the actuation area is formed when the
lock switch is pressed.
(cid:3) The actuation area of the trunk outer oscillator is formed when the trunk open switch is ON. It is formed
twice to allow the key to be verified.
(cid:3) The actuation area of the front and rear room oscillator is formed when the driver door is opened or
closed, when the start button is pressed, when a warning is activated, or when the lock switch is ON.
(cid:3) The actuation area of the trunk inner oscillator forms when the trunk lid is closed or the trunk open switch
is pressed, and is formed twice to allow the key to be verified.