BE-74 BODY ELECTRICAL - BLUETOOTH HANDS-FREE SYSTEM
(cid:4)HANDS-FREE FUNCTIONS (Models without Navigation with AV System)
The Bluetooth hands-free system installed on the models without navigation with AV system has the
following functions. However, for safety, some functions may not be selectable when the vehicle is being
driven.
Function Outline
The user can call by using the phonebook data that have been transferred
By phonebook
from the user’s cellular phone.
The user can call by selecting a previously dialed number (voice
recognition is also available). The system remembers up to 5 dialed
By dialed numbers
numbers. If more than 5 numbers have been dialed, the oldest number
will no longer be remembered.
The user can call by selecting the telephone number of a received call
(voice recognition is also available). When a call is received, the system
Call with By received calls
will remember the last five numbers. If more than five calls have been
Bluetooth
received, the oldest number will no longer be remembered.
pphhoonnee
The user can call using the registered phone number by pressing the
By speed dial*
function buttons (1 to 6) of the audio head unit.
By voice recognition
The user can call by giving a name registered in the phonebook.
(Dialing by name)
By voice recognition
(Dialing by phone The user can call by giving a desired number.
number)
When a call is received, the phone number or registered caller name is
Receive with Bluetooth phone
displayed on the audio head unit LCD with an audio signal.
While the user is talking on the phone, the phone number or registered
Talk on the Bluetooth phone
caller name is displayed on the audio head unit LCD.
Transferring a telephone number:
The user can transfer the telephone numbers from the user’s Bluetooth
phone to the system.
Registering phone number:
The user can register phone numbers using the following methods
- Voice recognition
- Using dialed numbers and received calls
- Inputting phone numbers using the control knob of the audio
head unit
Up to 20 data can be registered in the phonebook.
Add entry:
Change the
The user can register voice recognition data for a maximum 20 registered
settings of Setting the
phone numbers.
the Bluetooth phonebook
The user can initialize the settings.
pphhoonnee
Change Name:
The user can change the registered voice recognition data.
Delete entry:
The user can delete the registered their voice recognition data.
Delete speed dial:
The user can delete the speed dials registered to the function buttons (1
to 6) of the audio head unit.
List Names:
The user can change or delete the voice recognition data, or can call using
certain voice recognition data by selecting that data while the system is
reading it out.
*: The user can operate it while driving. (Continued)