BE-22 BODY ELECTRICAL - LIGHTING
3. Interior Light Control
(cid:3) The interior light control (interior light and ignition switch illumination*1/engine switch illumination*2)
consists primarily of the fade-in/fade-out function and timer illumination function.
(cid:3) The interior light control activates as described in the diagram below when one of items is in the respective
state.
(cid:3) This control is controlled by the main body ECU.
*1: Models without smart key system
*2: Models with smart key system
Light OFF State
Condition (2)
Condition (4) Condition (1)
Light ON State
(During 15 Second)*1
Condition (3) Condition (2)
Light ON State
Condition (5) (Constantly ON)
241BE32
Condition Item
(cid:3) With power source*2 OFF and all doors closed, any door is unlocked.
(cid:3) With all doors closed, power source*2 is changed from ACC to OFF.
Condition (1)
(cid:3) With power source OFF and all doors closed, key enters any actuation area
around the doors. (Only for models with smart key system)
Condition (2) (cid:3) Any door is open.
Condition (3) (cid:3) With power source*2 OFF, all doors are closed.
(cid:3) Power source*2 is ACC or ON.
(cid:3) More than 15 seconds have elapsed since the Light ON State (15 second
Condition (4)
duration)*1.
(cid:3) With power source*2 OFF and all doors closed, all doors are locked.
(cid:3) With power source*2 ACC or ON, all doors are closed.
Condition (5)
(cid:3) With power source*2 OFF and all doors closed, all doors are locked.
*1: The function setting can be changed using the customized body electronics system. For details, refer to
Customized Body Electronics System section on page BE-13.
*2: The power source condition can be changed by operating the engine switch on models with the smart
key system, and the ignition switch on models without the smart key system.
4. Battery Saving Control
When the following two conditions have been met, battery saving control turns off the lights illuminated by
the illuminated entry controls. Battery saving control is controlled by the main body ECU.
(cid:3) The key is not in the actuation area (models with smart key system), or the ignition key is not in the ignition
key cylinder (models without smart key system).
(cid:3) There is no change in the condition of the doors for 20 minutes.