CHASSIS - TIRE PRESSURE WARNING SYSTEM CH-143
3. Tire Pressure Warning System Reset Switch
(cid:3) By operating the tire pressure warning system reset switch, tire pressure warning system ECU can be set
to issue a warning at an inflation pressure that corresponds with the type of tires. Therefore, the dealer must
set the warning threshold to the proper value in order to comply with the local regulations.
(cid:3) Operate the tire pressure warning system reset switch only after the inflation pressures of all 5 tires
(including the standard type spare tire*) have been adjusted on the vehicle.
(cid:3) To initialize the system, press and hold the tire pressure warning system reset switch for 3 seconds or longer
with the engine switch turned ON. After the system has been initialized, the tire pressure warning light
blinks 3 times at 0.5 Hz.
(cid:3) During the initialization, the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter measures the inflation
pressure of the tires, and registers the signals that are transmitted into the ECU at a frequency of 1 per
minute. The initialization process is completed when the signals from the 5 tires have been received.
(cid:3) Once the tire pressure warning system reset switch has been pressed, turning OFF the engine switch is not
recommended for a few minutes.
*: Optional Equipment
Service Tip
(cid:3) Since the initialized values are dependent upon the accuracy of the tire pressure gauge to be used,
use a tire pressure gauge that has been properly calibrated.
(cid:3) The system must be initialized in the following conditions:
1)New vehicle delivery
2)Replacement with tires of different size (inflation pressure)
3)Tire pressure warning system ECU replacement
CAUTION
If the system is initialized with tires whose inflation pressure deviates from the threshold pressure,
the system can be initialized at those values. Therefore, initialize only after the tires have been inflated
to the specified air pressure.
4. Tire Pressure Warning Light
(cid:3) The tire pressure warning light is located in the combination meter.
(cid:3) This warning light illuminates or blinks in accordance with signals from the tire pressure warning system
ECU if the vehicles own tires are inflated with low pressure or if malfunction occurs in the system.
Tire Pressure Warning Light
025CH62TE