BODY ELECTRICAL - BLUETOOTH HANDS-FREE SYSTEM BE-75
Function Outline
The user can register a maximum of 6 speed dials to the
function buttons (1 to 6) of the audio head unit by selecting the
Registering the speed
desired phone numbers from the voice recognition
dial
registration.
The user can initialize the settings.
The user can set the volume.
Automatic volume settings for high speed:
When the vehicle speed is over 80 km/h (50 mph), the volume
automatically increases by 3 dB from the volume set by the
Setting the volume
user.
Change the
When the vehicle speed decreases to 70 km/h (44 mph) or
settings of
lower, the volume returns to the previous volume setting.
the Bluetooth
The user can initialize the settings.
phhone
By setting the security, the user can prevent people from using
some functions of the Hands-free system. It is useful when the
user leaves their car with a hotel or valet parking or the user
doesn’t want others to see the data that the user has registered.
Changing the security code:
Setting the security
The security code is 4 digits. Choose a new code that is hard
for other people to guess.
Phone book lock: The user sets the phonebook lock.
Initializing the security code: The user can initialize the
settings.
In order to use hands-free function of a Bluetooth phone, it is
necessary to register it in the audio head unit. Once a phone is
Enter the Bluetooth registered, the hands-free function becomes available
phone automatically.
The user can register up to 6 Bluetooth phones from a
maximum of 6 numbers.
When two or more registered Bluetooth phones are in the
Set a
cabin, it is necessary to select which phone to use to prevent the
Select the Bluetooth
Bluetooth
lines from being crossed. Only selected phone is available for
phone
phone
use as a hands-free phone. The phone registered last is
automatically selected.
Indicate Bluetooth The user can check the information of the Bluetooth phone on
information the audio head unit LCD.
Change the passkey The user can change the pass key on the audio head unit LCD.
Deleting a Bluetooth
The user can delete the registered Bluetooth phone.
phone