BE-112 BODY ELECTRICAL - SMART KEY SYSTEM
Wireless Door Lock Remote Control Function
The wireless door lock remote control function has the following functions:
Function Outline
All Doors Lock Pressing the LOCK button of the transmitter locks all doors.
All Doors Unlock Pressing the UNLOCK button of the transmitter (key) unlocks all doors.
All Doors Unlock Pressing the UNLOCK button of the transmitter once unlocks the driver’s door,
(2-step Unlock)* and pressing it again within three seconds unlocks all the doors.
Keeping the TRUNK button of the transmitter pressed longer than about 1 second
Trunk Opener*
opens the trunk lid.
The hazard light flashes once when locking, and flashes twice when unlocking, to
Answer Back*
indicate that the operation has been completed.
Keeping the PANIC button of the transmitter pressed longer than about 1 of a
second causes the following functions of the alarm to activate.
(cid:3) Sounds the horn and security horn.
Panic Alarm
(cid:3) Flashes the hazard lights, headlights, and taillights.
(cid:3) Illuminates the interior light (If the interior light switch is in the DOOR
position).
If none of the doors are opened within 60 seconds of being unlocked by the
Automatic Lock*
wireless door lock remote control, all the doors will be locked again automatically.
Door Ajar If any door is open or ajar, pressing the LOCK button of the transmitter will cause
Warning* the wireless door lock buzzer to sound for about ten seconds.
If a door is not locked in response to the locking operation of the transmitter, the
Repeat
integration relay will output a lock signal after approximately 1 second.
When all the doors are locked, pressing the UNLOCK button causes the interior
Illuminated Entry
lights to illuminate simultaneously with the unlock operation.
Security Sends an operation signal as a rolling code.
The wireless door lock buzzer sounds when the theft deterrent system performs
Wireless Buzzer
warning operations.
*: The function setting can be changed using the customized body electronics system. For details, refer
to Customized Body Electronics System section on page BE-13.