BE-130 BODY ELECTRICAL - SMART KEY SYSTEM
Key Cancel
Key cancel is operated when certain operations are performed with the vehicle in the following condition:
(cid:3) Power source is OFF.
(cid:3) Driver door is closed.
(cid:3) Driver door is unlocked.
The operation procedure is as follows:
1)Unlock once with the UNLOCK button of the key.
2)Open the driver door within 5 seconds.
3)Unlock twice with the UNLOCK button of the key within 5 seconds.
4)Repeat open (cid:1) close twice for the driver door within 30 seconds, and open again.
(Driver Door: Open (cid:1) Close (cid:1) Open (cid:1) Close (cid:1) Open)
5)Unlock twice with the UNLOCK button of the key within 30 seconds.
6)Repeat open (cid:1) close once for the driver door within 30 seconds, and open again.
(Driver Door: Open (cid:1) Close (cid:1) Open)
7)Close the driver door within 5 seconds.
When key cancel is activated, the wireless door lock buzzer sounds once.
To return to the original condition, perform the procedures again. When key cancel is returned, the wireless
door lock buzzer sounds twice.
Key Code Registration Function
The table below shows the four special coded ID registration function modes through which up to four
different codes can be registered. The codes are electronically registered (written to and stored) in the
EEPROM. For details of the recognition code registration procedure, refer to the 2007 Camry Repair
Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
Mode Function
Erases all previously registered codes and registers only the newly received codes.
Rewrite
This mode is used whenever a transmitter or the integration relay is replaced.
Adds a newly received code while preserving previously registered codes. This mode
Add is used when adding a new transmitter. If the number of codes exceeds 4, the oldest
registered code is erased first.
Confirms how many codes are currently registered. When adding a new code, this
Confirm
mode is used to check how many codes already exist.
To delete all the registered codes and to prohibit the wireless door lock function.
Prohibit
This mode is used when a transmitter (key) is lost.