BODY ELECTRICAL - SRS AIRBAG SYSTEM BE-155
5. Precaution for Front Passenger Occupant Classification System Operation
To avoid potential death or serious injury when the front passenger occupant classification system does not
detect the conditions correctly, observe the following.
(cid:1) Wear the seat belt properly.
(cid:1) Make sure the front passenger’s seat belt tab has not been left inserted into the buckle before someone sits
in the front passenger seat.
(cid:1) Make sure the AIRBAG ON indicator light is illuminated when using the seat belt extender for the front
passenger seat. If the AIRBAG OFF indicator light is illuminated, disconnect the extender tongue from
the seat belt buckle, then reconnect the seat belt. Reconnect the seat belt extender after making sure the
AIRBAG ON indicator light is illuminated. If you use the seat belt extender while the AIRBAG OFF
indicator light is illuminated, the front passenger airbag and side airbag on the front passenger side may
not activate correctly, which could cause death or serious injury in the event of collision.
(cid:1) Do not put a heavy load in the front passenger seatback pocket or attach a seatback table to the front
passenger seat seatback.
(cid:1) Do not put weight on the front passenger seat by putting your hands or feet on the front passenger seat
seatback from the rear passenger seat.
(cid:1) Do not let a rear passenger lift the front passenger seat with their feet or press on the seatback with their
legs.
(cid:1) Do not put objects under the front passenger seat.
(cid:1) Do not recline the front passenger seat seatback so far that it touches a rear seat. This may cause the
AIRBAG OFF indicator light to be illuminated, which indicates that the passenger’s airbags will not
deploy in the event of a severe accident. If the seatback touches the rear seat, return the seatback to a
position where it does not touch the rear seat.
Keep the front passenger seatback as upright as possible when the vehicle is moving. Reclining the
seatback excessively may lessen the effectiveness of the seat belt system.
(cid:1) Make sure the AIRBAG ON indicator light may be illuminated when an adult sits in the front passenger
seat. If the AIRBAG OFF indicator light is illuminated, ask the passenger to sit properly with back upright
and against the seat, with legs comfortably extended and wear the seat belt correctly. Nonetheless, if the
AIRBAG OFF indicator light remains illuminated, let the passenger sit in the rear seat. When it is
unavoidable to sit in the front passenger seat, ask the passenger to move the seat as far back as possible,
remain properly seated.
(cid:1) When it is unavoidable to install the forward-facing child restraint system on the front passenger seat,
install the child restraint system on the front passenger seat in the proper order.
(cid:1) Do not kick the front passenger seat or subject it to severe impact. Otherwise, the SRS warning light may
come on to indicate a malfunction of the detection system.
(cid:1) Child restraint systems installed on the rear seat should not contact the front seatbacks.