CHASSIS - U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE CH-75
13. Diagnosis
(cid:3) When the ECT ECU detects a malfunction, the ECT ECU makes a diagnosis and memorizes the
information related to the fault. Furthermore, the MIL (Malfunction Indicator Lamp) in the combination
meter illuminates or blinks to inform the driver of the malfunction.
(cid:3) At the same time, the DTC (Diagnosis Trouble Code) are stored in the memory. The DTC stored in the
ECT ECU are output to a hand-held tester connected to the DLC3 via the ECM.
(cid:3) For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
Service Tip
The ECM uses the CAN protocol for diagnostic communication. Therefore, a hand-held tester and
a dedicated adapter [CAN VIM (Vehicle Interface Module)] are required for accessing diagnostic
data. For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
14. Fail-safe
This function minimizes the loss of operation when any abnormality occurs in a sensor or solenoid.
(cid:1) Fail-safe Control List (cid:2)
Malfunction Part Function
Input Turbine Speed Sensor Shifting to only either the 1st or 3rd gears is allowed.
(cid:3) The counter gear speed is detected through the signals from the skid
Counter Gear Speed Sensor control ECU (speed sensor signals).
(cid:3) Shifting between the 1st to 4th gears is allowed.
ATF Temp. Sensor Shifting between the 1st to 4th gears is allowed.
When the vehicle is being driven in 6th gear, the transaxle is fixed in
ECT ECU Power Supply
6th gear. When being driven in any of the 1st to 5th gears, the transaxle
(Voltage is Low)
is fixed in 5th gear.
CAN Communication Shifting to only either the 1st or 3rd gears is allowed.
Knock Sensor Shifting between the 1st to 4th gears is allowed.
The current to the failed solenoid valve is cut off and operating the other
Solenoid Valve SL1, SL2, solenoid valves with normal operation performs shift control. (Shift
SL3 and SL4 controls in fail-safe mode are described in the table on the next page.
For details, refer to Fail-Safe Control List)