MO-16 NEW MODEL OUTLINE
Audio System
(cid:3) The large and varied original LCD panels and large switched have been provided for each audio head unit,
improving visibility and ease of use.
(cid:3) By implementing new DSP (Digital Signal Processor) technology with psychoacoustic theory, less
distorted, clear, powerful sound quality has been achieved.
(cid:3) JBL’s Premium Sound System, consisting of their stereo amplifier and speaker system, has been provided
for XLE grade models as standard. On other models, it is available as an option.
— REFERENCE —
Psychoacoustic Theory:
Psychoacoustic theory is technology that exploits human perceptions (sensory illusions). Through the
implementation of this technology, without changing the speaker sizes or locations, listeners can sense
deeper bass sound (1) and feel as if the speakers were located at eye level, despite them being located in low
positions like door speakers (2).
(1) Bass Sound Reproduction Principle: Since olden times, when pipe organs are built in churches, due to
the difficulty of housing long resonating pipes for very low tones, a technique has been used which
reproduces low tones through the utilization of two short pipes.
When two pipes, of which the frequencies are 100 Hz and 150 Hz, are sounded simultaneously to
reproduce a note at 50 Hz, human brains discern four different notes at 100 Hz, 150 Hz, 250 Hz (100 Hz
+ 150 Hz) and 50 Hz (150 Hz - 100 Hz). Among these, human brains perceive the frequency difference
of 50 Hz most strongly.
By electrically generating differential components from fundamental notes for very low tones and
emitting them through speakers, the human brains sense the deep bass sound despite it being not
emanated from the speakers.
(2) Virtual Sound Source Layout: When the theory of HRTFs (Head Related Transfer Functions) is employed
in the vertical direction, human brains perceive the source of sounds emitted from the speakers in the
lower positions as if it was at windshield level.
HRTFs are acoustic transfer functions from the sound source to the ears.
It is said that humans detect the location of sound sources through time differences and physical reflective
interference; the horizontal direction is recognized through the time difference between the sound
reception of the left and right ears, and the vertical direction is discerned through the reflective
interference caused by the head and earlobes.
Sound sources can be virtually reproduced by incorporating the HRTFs into amplifiers and emitting the
sound through speakers.