BE-64 BODY ELECTRICAL - NAVIGATION WITH AV SYSTEM
(cid:1)CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATION
1. General
The main functions of navigation system are listed below.
Function Outline
(cid:3) Enlargement/reduction, rotation and movement of map.
(cid:3) Indication of current position and direction of travel.
Navigation Screen (cid:3) Correction of current position.
Display (cid:3) Setting change and indication of route.
(cid:3) Voice guidance.
There are many additional functions.
Displays the following three operations:
Audio/Video System (cid:3) Radio Operation
(cid:3) CD Changer Operation
When a Bluetooth-compatible cellular telephone is registered on the radio and
Telephone Operation
player with display, the driver can make and receive calls or talk hands-free on
Screen Display
the cellular telephone by operating the switches on the screen or the steering pad.
Can be used to inform the driver of inspection or replacement timing of the
following items based on the calendar function and vehicle speed signal.
Engine Oil: Replace engine oil
Oil Filter: Replace engine oil filter
Rotation: Rotate tires
Tires: Replace tires
Battery: Replace battery
Maintenance
Brake Pad: Replace brake linings
Information
Wipers: Replace wiper blades
LLC: Replace engine coolant
Brake Oil: Replace brake fluid
ATF: Replace ATF
Service: Scheduled maintenance
Air Filter: Replace air filter
Personal: New information items can be created separately form provided ones
Calendar with Memo It is possible to enter memos for particular dates on the calendar.
Speech Command Operates the navigation system based on voice commands. However, only
System English can be recognized by this function.
Help Screen Help screen can see the command list and operation guide on it.
The brightness or contrast of the screen can be adjusted to suit the brightness of
Screen Adjustment
surroundings.
The following screen settings are available:
Automatic transition: In enables automatic return to the navigation screen
Screen Setting
from the audio screen.
Switch color: Color of touch-screen button can selected.
(Continued)