EG-106 ENGINE - 2GR-FE ENGINE
(cid:2)ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM
1. General
The engine control system of the 2GR-FE engine has the following features.
System Outline
(cid:1) An L-type SFI system directly detects the intake air mass with a hot wire
type air flow meter.
(cid:1) The fuel injection system is a sequential multiport fuel injection system.
(cid:1) Fuel injection takes two forms:
Synchronous injection, which always takes place with the same timing
SFI
in accordance with the basic injection duration and an additional
 Sequential Multiport
correction based on the signals provided by the sensors.
Fuel Injection 
Non-synchronous injection, which takes place at the time an injection
request based on the signals provided by the sensors is detected,
regardless of the crankshaft position.
(cid:1) Synchronous injection is further divided into group injection during a
cold start, and independent injection after the engine is started.
(cid:1) Ignition timing is determined by the ECM based on signals from various
ESA sensors. The ECM corrects ignition timing in response to engine knocking.
 Electronic Spark (cid:1) This system selects the optimal ignition timing in accordance with the
 Advance  signals received from the sensors and sends the (IGT) ignition signal to
the igniter.
ETCS-i
 Electronic  Optimally controls the throttle valve opening in accordance with the
 Throttle Control  amount of accelerator pedal effort and the condition of the engine and the
 System-intelligent vehicle.
[See page EG-49]
Dual VVT-i System
 Dual Variable Valve  Controls the intake and exhaust camshafts to an optimal valve timing in
 Timing-intelligent System accordance with the engine condition.
[See page EG-121]
ACIS
The intake air passages are switched according to the engine speed and
 Acoustic Control
throttle valve opening angle to provided high performance in all speed
 Induction System
ranges.
[See page EG-127]
Air Intake Control The intake air duct is divided into two areas, and the ECM controls the air
System intake control valve and the actuator that are provided in one of the areas
[See page EG-129] to reduce the amount of engine noise.
(cid:1) Fuel pump operation is controlled by signals from the ECM.
Fuel Pump Control
(cid:1) The fuel pump is stopped, when the SRS airbag is deployed in a frontal,
[See page EG-58]
side, and rear of side collision.
Air Conditioning By turning the air conditioning compressor ON or OFF in accordance with
Cut-off Control the engine condition, drivability is maintained.
The Cooling Fan ECU steplessly controls the speed of the fans in
Cooling Fan Control accordance with the engine coolant temperature, vehicle speed, engine
[See page EG-130] speed, and air conditioning operating conditions. As a result, the cooling
performance is improved.
Starter Control
 
Cranking Hold Once the engine switch is pushed, while the brake pedal is depressed, this
 
Function control continues to operate the starter until the engine started.
[See page EG-132]
(Continued)