BODY ELECTRICAL - NAVIGATION WITH AV SYSTEM BE-67
Item Function
Multiple Destination Sets multiple destinations. It can also rearrange the sequence of
Setting the destinations.
Route Search Searches for multiple routes.
Search Condition
Searches for the recommended, shortest, and other routes.
Designation
Regulated Road
Route Search Performs search while considering regulated roads.
Consideration
Avoidance Area Avoids a designated area and searches a route.
Displays information on facilities in the vicinity of the freeway
Freeway mode screen
exits and entrances.
National Border Conscious As for as possible, searches for a route that does not cross the
Search border between the U.S.A and Canada.
Destination Direction Uses arrows along the road to display the direction of the
Arrow Display destination during route guidance.
Uses arrows to display the direction of the destination during
Off-Route Arrow Display
off-route.
Guidance that renders the entry and exit into a rotary as a single
Rotary Guidance
branching point.
Right or Left Turn
Voice guidance to instruct the direction of travel to be taken.
Guidance
Freeway Direction of Voice guidance to instruct the direction of travel to take on the
Travel Guidance Freeway.
GGuiiddance
Distance Display
Displays the distance from the present location to the destination.
Destination
Freeway Branch Type
Type specimen for guidance to a Freeway branch.
Specimen Guidance
Intersection Zoom-in
Zoom-in display when approaching an intersection.
Display
Turn List Display Displays a turn list on the right side of the two-screen display.
Calendar Anniversary or appointment dates can be input and displayed.
Explains the functions of the switches on the main screens, such
Function Help
as the destination and menu.
3. Diagnosis Screen Display
The navigation system is equipped with a
self-diagnosis function and can display the
diagnosis menus shown on the right.
The diagnosis menu contains the following four
items
a) Service Check Menu
b)Display Check
c) Navigation Check
d)Bluetooth TEL Check
025BE72TE
For details on the procedure required to enter the diagnosis menu screen, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual
(Pub No. RM0250U).