CHASSIS - U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE CH-69
9. Flex Lock-up Clutch Control
(cid:3) In addition to the conventional lock-up timing control, flex lock-up clutch control is used.
(cid:3) This flex lock-up clutch control regulates solenoid valve SLU as an intermediate mode between the ON
and OFF operations of the lock-up clutch.
(cid:3) During acceleration, flex lock-up clutch control operates when the gear position is the 2nd or higher and
the shift lever is in the D, S6, S5 or S4 range position. During deceleration, it operates when the gear
position is the 4th or higher and the shift lever is in the D, S6, S5 or S4 range position.
(cid:3) During acceleration, the partition control of the power transmission between the lock-up clutch and torque
converter greatly boosts the transmission efficiency in accordance with the driving conditions, improving
the fuel economy.
(cid:3) During deceleration, the lock-up clutch is made to operate. Therefore the fuel-cut area is expanded and
fuel economy is improved.
(cid:3) By allowing flex lock-up clutch control to continue operating during gearshift, the smooth torque
transmission has been obtained. As a result, the fuel economy and drivability have been improved.
ECM ECT ECU
Engine Speed
Engine Signal
Speed
Input Turbine
Speed Signal
Vehicle Speed Current Linear
Solenoid
Signal
Engine
Time
Throttle Position Sensor Speed
Signal
Input Turbine
Speed Sensor
Engine Coolant
Temp. Sensor
Lock-up ATF Temperature Sensor
Control Valve
Solenoid Valve SLU
01YCH32Y
(cid:1) Flex Lock-up Operation (cid:2)
Position or
Lock-up
Range DD,, SS66 SS55 SS44
Large Operating Range
Gear
Flex Lock-up Operating
Range (Acceleration) 1st X X X
Throttle
Opening 2nd (cid:5) (cid:5) (cid:5)
Angle 3rd (cid:5) (cid:5) (cid:5)
4th (cid:5)* (cid:5)* (cid:5)*
5th (cid:5)* (cid:5)* —
Vehicle High
Speed Flex Lock-up Operating 6th (cid:5)* — —
Range (Deceleration)
(cid:5): Operates X: Does not operate —: Not applicable
Flex Lock-Up Timing in 6th Gear *: Flex Lock-up Clutch Control also operates when the
vehicle is decelerated.
01YCH33Y