CH-138 CHASSIS - BRAKE
(cid:3) If the skid control ECU detects a malfunction during a sensor signal check (test mode), it stores the DTC
in its memory. These DTC can be read during a sensor check operation by connecting the SST
(09843-18040) to the Tc and CG terminals of the DLC3 and observing the blinking of the ABS warning
light or observing the diagnostic code indicated on the multi-information display, or connecting a
hand-held tester.
For details of the DTC that are stored in skid control ECU memory and the DTC that are output through
the sensor signal check (test mode) functions, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
Service Tip
The skid control ECU uses the CAN protocol for diagnostic communication. Therefore, a hand-held
tester and a dedicated adapter [CAN VIM (Vehicle Interface Module)] are required for accessing
diagnostic data. For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
Diagnosis of CAN
(cid:3) If a malfunction occurs on a CAN communication line, the skid control ECU is connected to the CAN
communication lines and it will store the DTC (Diagnostic Trouble Code) in its memory.
(cid:3) There are 2-digit DTC and 5-digit DTC for CAN communications related to the brake control system
(ABS with EBD, brake assist, TRAC and VSC).
- 2-digit DTC can be read by connecting the SST (09843-18040) to Tc and CG terminals of the DLC3,
and observing the diagnostic code indicated on the VSC warning light (LE and SE grade models) or
multi-information display (XLE grade models) in the combination meter.
- 5-digit DTC can be read by connecting a hand-held tester to the DLC3.
Service Tip
The skid control ECU uses the CAN protocol for diagnostic communication. Therefore, a hand-held
tester and a dedicated adapter [CAN VIM (Vehicle Interface Module)] are required for accessing
diagnostic data. For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).
Fail-Safe
(cid:3) In the event of a malfunction in the ABS and/or brake assist controls, the skid control ECU prohibits the
ABS, brake assist, TRAC and VSC operations.
(cid:3) In the event of a malfunction in the EBD control, the skid control ECU prohibits the EBD operation. Even
in this case, usual braking performance excluding the brake control system (ABS with EBD, brake assist,
TRAC and VSC) is secured.
(cid:3) In the event of a malfunction in the TRAC and/or VSC, the skid control ECU prohibits TRAC and VSC
operations.
(cid:3) If a communication malfunction occurs between the skid control ECU, the steering angle sensor, the yaw
rate & deceleration sensor or ECM, the skid control ECU stops the TRAC and VSC.
(cid:3) When the ECM detects the DTC, it will disable the TRAC and VSC.