BE-72 BODY ELECTRICAL - BLUETOOTH HANDS-FREE SYSTEM
Function Outline
Registering phone number:
The user can register phone numbers in the phonebook.
Transferring a telephone number:
The user can transfer the telephone numbers from the user’s
Bluetooth phone to the system. Up to 1,000 data (up to 2
numbers per entry) can be registered in the phonebook.
Registering the phonebook data:
The user can register the phonebook data.
Editing the name:
If no name has been inputted, the number is displayed.
Editing the phone number:
The user can register a phone number in “TEL1” and “TEL2”
separately. Up to 2 numbers per phonebook entry can be
registered.
Selecting the group:
The user can set a group for a contact. It will then be easier for
the user to find this contact when needed, by using the
CChhaannggee tthhee grouping display.
setting of the Setting the phonebook Setting the voice recognition:
Bluetooth The user can set the voice recognition. Up to 20 numbers can
phone be registered to allow voice recognition.
Adding data to the phonebook:
The user can add data to the phonebook.
Editing the data: The user can edit the registered data.
Deleting the data: The user can delete the data.
Deleting all the phone data: The user can delete all the phone
data.
Registering a group name: The user can register 20 groups
Selecting a group icon: The user can select the desired icon.
Editing a group name:
The user can input the name with the software keyboard.
Deleting a group name:
The user can delete the group names individually or all at
once.
Deleting the log data:
The user can delete the log data individually or all at once.
By setting the security, the user can prevent people from using
some functions of the hands-free system. It is useful when the
user leave their car with a hotel or valet parking or the user
doesn’t want others to see the data that the user has registered.
CChhaannggee tthhee
Changing the security code:
settings of
Setting the security
The security code is 4 digits and the default is “0000”. Choose
the Bluetooth
a new code that is hard for other people to guess.
pphhoonnee
Phone book lock: The user sets the phonebook lock.
Initializing the security code: The user can initialize the
settings.
(Continued)