CH-136 CHASSIS - BRAKE
11. CAN (Controller Area Network)
CAN communication is used between the skid control ECU, steering angle sensor, yaw rate & deceleration
sensor (lateral acceleration sensor), ECM, main body ECU and DLC3. For details of CAN communication,
see page BE-8.
12. Service Mode
(cid:1) The TRAC OFF switch designed for ’06 Camry is not used on ’07 Camry.
(cid:1) A new service mode has been created for ’07 Camry. In this mode, TRAC and VSC functions can be
forcibly turned OFF, either through the operation of a hand-held tester or by operating the parking brake
and the brake pedal together. Please refer to the following service tip for information regarding changing
the service mode.
Service Tip
Transition to the service mode (TRAC and VSC OFF mode).
The TRAC and VSC systems can be turned off by following the procedures below:
(cid:1) When using the parking brake and brake pedal:
1)Check that the power source is OFF and the shift lever is in position P.
2)Start the engine after turning the power source ON.
3)Operate the following steps 4 to 8 within 30 seconds of starting the engine.
4)Turn the parking brake switch on.
5)Depress and release the brake pedal twice.
6)Turn the parking brake switch on and off twice while depressing the brake pedal.
7)Depress and release the brake pedal twice while the parking brake switch is on.
Notice: Steps 6 and 7 should each be performed within 15 seconds.
8)Check that the slip indicator light and VSC warning light (LE and SE grade models) are turned
on or “CHECK VSC SYSTEM” message will appear on the multi-information display (XLE
grade models). If not, repeat the procedure from the step 1.
9)The brake control system can be returned to the normal mode by turning the power source ON
from OFF.
(cid:1) When using the hand-held tester:
1)Check that the power source is OFF and the shift lever is in position P.
2)Start the engine after turning the power source ON.
3)Connect the hand-held tester to the DLC3, and operate it to send signals of memory change
function.
4)The brake control system can be returned to the normal mode by turning the power source ON
from OFF
For details of the transition to service mode, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No.
RM0250U).