ENGINE - 2AZ-FE ENGINE EG-33
(cid:2)ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM
1. General
The engine control system of the 2AZ-FE engine has the following features.
System Outline
(cid:1) An L-type SFI system directly detects the intake air mass with a hot wire
type mass air flow meter.
(cid:1) The fuel injection system is a sequential multiport fuel injection system.
(cid:1) Fuel injection takes two forms:
Synchronous injection, which always takes place with the same timing
SFI
in accordance with the basic injection duration and an additional
 Sequential Multiport 
  correction based on the signals provided by the sensors.
 Fuel Injection 
Non-synchronous injection, which takes place at the time an injection
request based on the signals provided by the sensors is detected,
regardless of the crankshaft position.
(cid:1) Synchronous injection is further divided into group injection during a
cold start, and independent injection after the engine is started.
(cid:1) Ignition timing is determined by the ECM based on signals from various
sensors. The ECM corrects ignition timing in response to engine
ESA
knocking.
 Electronic Spark 
  (cid:1) This system selects the optimal ignition timing in accordance with the
 Advance 
signals received from the sensors and sends the (IGT) ignition signal to
the igniter.
ETCS-i
 Electronic  Optimally controls the throttle valve opening in accordance with the
 
Throttle Control amount of accelerator pedal effort and the condition of the engine and the
 
 System-intelligent  vehicle.
[See page EG-49]
VVT-i
 
Variable Valve Controls the intake camshaft to an optimal valve timing in accordance with
 
 Timing-intelligent  the engine condition.
[See page EG-51]
During idling while the engine is cold, this control closes the intake
Intake Manifold
manifold runner valve in order to create a strong tumble airflow in the intake
Runner Valve Control*
air. This promotes the mixture of air and fuel and improves combustion
[See page EG-55]
efficiency.
(cid:1) Fuel pump operation is controlled by signals from the ECM.
Fuel Pump Control
(cid:1) The fuel pump is stopped, when the SRS airbag is deployed in a frontal,
[See page EG-58]
side, and rear of side collision.
Air Conditioning By turning the air conditioning compressor ON or OFF in accordance with
Cut-off Control the engine condition, drivability is maintained.
Cooling Fan Control Cooling fan operation is controlled by signals from the ECM based on the
[See page EG-59] engine coolant temperature sensor signal and air conditioning operation.
Air Fuel Ratio Maintains the temperature of the air fuel ratio sensor or oxygen sensor at an
Sensor and Oxygen appropriate level to increase accuracy of detection of the oxygen
Sensor Heater Control concentration in the exhaust gas.
(cid:1) The ECM controls the purge flow of evaporative emission (HC) in the
canister in accordance with engine conditions.
Evaporative Emission
(cid:1) Approximately five hours after the engine switch has been turned OFF,
Control
the ECM operates the canister pump module to detect any evaporative
[See page EG-60]
emission leakage occurring between the fuel tank and the canister
through changes in the fuel tank pressure.
*: Only for California package models. (Continued)