BE-66 BODY ELECTRICAL - NAVIGATION WITH AV SYSTEM
2. Navigation Screen Display
(cid:3) Based on the map data on the DVD, signal from the GPS satellites, signals from the built-in gyro sensor,
and signals from the vehicle’s speed sensor, the vehicle’s present position, direction of travel, and driven
distance are calculated and displayed on the navigation display.
The functions of the navigation screen display are shown below:
: New function
Item Function
Linear Touch Scroll Enables smooth scrolling by connecting the touch points on the screen
Scrolls the center of the cursor forward and reverse constantly along the
On-route Scroll
route.
Displays the map so that the direction of the route progression head up
Heading Up
during route guidance.
Depending on the position of the headlight switch, the screen changes to the
Map Color Change
day mode or night mode.
Displays a map in the direction of travel of the vehicle in an enlarged form.
Front Wide
(Heading up only)
Step-less Scale Display Changes the scale of the map from the basic 13 steps to an even finer display.
Direct Scale Change Directly selects and displays the map scale.
Multi-step Scale Display Changes and displays the map scale in 13 stages.
Split-view Display Displays different modes on a screen that is split into two views.
MMaapp DDiissppllaayy Points-of-Interest Display Displays selected types of marks on the map.
Taillight-interlocked Map Changes the displayed color on the map screen when the taillights are turned
Color Change ON.
Road Number Sign Board
Displays the road number on the map.
Display
Compass Mode Screen Displays the direction of travel and detailed data of the present location.
Map Coverage Info Screen Displays the map area that is recorded on DVD.
Street Name Indication on Displays the street name and the city name even when the map screen is
Scrolled Map being scrolled.
Foot Print Map Displays the city maps of Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, and New York.
Building Tenant Information
Displays information on the tenants in the building.
(for foot print map areas)
Arrival Time Displays the expected time of arrival at the destination.
Route Trace Displays the route on the map.
Stores 20 locations of coordinates, names and times that have been set as
Last Destination Memory
destinations in the past.
Hybrid Points-of-interest
Narrows the search by names of the points-of-interest, category, and areas.
Search
Points-of-interest Pinpoint
Pinpoints and displays the position of the point-of-interest.
Display
House Number Search Searches for a house number.
Special Memory Point Sets a pre-registered point as a destination point while driving.
Nearest Point-of-interest
Searches nearest points-of-interest and displays a list.
Search List Display
DDeessttiinnaattiioonn
Search By specifying two streets, the point at which they intersect is set as the
Intersection Search
destination point.
Emergency Search Performs a specific search for hospitals, police stations and dealers.
Freeway Entrance/ Searches for the destination by the name of the street that connects to a
Exit Search Freeway entrance/exit.
Coordinate search User can input destination like a oasis in the desert etc.
Telephone number search Searches a facility by its telephone number.
POI, brand icon indication Displays icons for points of interest.
Voice-recognition Address
The driver can set the destination by saying the city name or street name.
Search
(Continued)