CHASSIS - BRAKE CH-109
2) Determining Rear Wheel Skid
Whether or not the vehicle is in the state of Direction of Travel of the Vehicle’s
rear wheel skid is determined by the values of Center of Gravity
Movement of Vehicle
the vehicle’s slip angle and the vehicle’s slip
angular velocity (time-dependent changes in Slip Angle
the vehicle’s slip angle). When the vehicle’s
slip angle is large, and the slip angular
velocity is also large, the skid control ECU
determines that the vehicle has a large rear
wheel skid tendency.
151CH18
Method for VSC Operation
When the Skid Control ECU determines that the vehicle exhibits a tendency to front wheel skid or rear wheel
skid, it decreases the engine output and applies the brake of a front or rear wheel to control the vehicle’s
yaw moment.
The basic operation of the VSC is described below. However, the control method differs depending on the
vehicle’s characteristics and driving conditions.
1) Dampening a Strong Front Wheel Skid
When the skid control ECU determines that Braking Force
there is a large front wheel skid tendency, it Control Moment
counteracts in accordance with the extent of
that tendency. The skid control ECU controls
the engine output and applies the brakes of the
front wheels and rear wheel of the inner circle
of the turn in order to help restrain the front
wheel skid tendency.
Braking Force
Making a Right Turn
161ES30
2) Dampening a Strong Rear Wheel Skid
When the skid control ECU determines that Control Moment
there is a large rear wheel skid tendency, it
counteracts in accordance with the extent of
Braking Force
that tendency. It applies the brakes of the front
wheel of the outer circle of the turn, and
generates an outward moment of inertia in the
vehicle, in order to restrain the rear wheel skid
tendency. Along with the reduction in the
vehicle speed caused by the braking force, the
excellent vehicle’s stability is ensured.
In some cases, the skid control ECU applies
the brake of the rear wheels, as necessary. Making a Right Turn
204CH15