EG-114 ENGINE - 2GR-FE ENGINE
5. Main Component of Engine Control System
General
The main components of the 2GR-FE engine control system are as follows:
Components Outline Quantity Function
The ECM optimally controls the SFI ESA and ISC to
ECM 32-bit CPU 1 suit the operating conditions of the engine in
accordance with the signals provided by the sensors.
(cid:3) This sensor detects the oxygen concentration in
the exhaust emission by measuring the
Oxygen Sensor electromotive force which is generated in the
Cup Type
(Bank 1, Sensor 2) 2 sensor itself.
with Heater
(Bank 2, Sensor 2) (cid:3) The basic construction and operation of this
sensor are the same as in the 2AZ-FE engine. For
details, see page EG-47.
(cid:3) As with the oxygen sensor, this sensor detects the
oxygen concentration in the exhaust emission.
Air Fuel
However, it detects the oxygen concentration in
Ratio Sensor Planar Type
2 the exhaust emission linearly.
(Bank 1, Sensor 1) with Heater
(cid:3) The basic construction and operation of this
(Bank 2, Sensor 1)
sensor are the same as in the 2AZ-FE engine. For
details, see page EG-47.
(cid:3) This sensor has a built-in hot-wire to directly
detect the intake air mass.
Mass Air Flow Meter Hot-wire Type 1 (cid:3) The basic construction and operation of this meter
are the same as in the 2AZ-FE engine. For details,
see page EG-40.
Crankshaft
Pick-up Coil Type This sensor detects the engine speed and performs
Position Sensor 1
(36-2) the cylinder identification.
(Rotor Teeth)
Intake VVT Sensor
MRE Type
LH, RH 2 This sensor performs the cylinder identification.
(3)
(Rotor Teeth)
Exhaust VVT Sensor
MRE Type
LH, RH 2 This sensor performs the cylinder identification.
(3)
(Rotor Teeth)
Engine Coolant This sensor detects the engine coolant temperature
Thermistor Type 1
Temperature Sensor by means of an internal thermistor.
Intake Air This sensor detects the intake air temperature by
Thermistor Type 1
Temperature Sensor means of an internal thermistor.
Built-in This sensor detects an occurrence of the engine
Knock Sensor 1,2 Piezoelectric Type 2 knocking indirectly from the vibration of the cylinder
(Flat Type) block caused by the occurrence of engine knocking.
(cid:3) This sensor detects the throttle valve opening
angle.
Throttle
No-contact Type 1 (cid:3) The basic construction and operation of this
Position Sensor
sensor are the same as in the 2AZ-FE engine. For
details, see page EG-44.
(cid:3) This sensor detects the amount of pedal effort
applied to the accelerator pedal.
Accelerator Pedal
No-contact Type 1 (cid:3) The basic construction and operation of this
Position Sensor
sensor are the same as in the 2AZ-FE engine. For
details, see page EG-42.
The injector is an electromagnetically-operated
Injector 12-Hole Type 6 nozzle which injects fuel in accordance with signals
from the ECM.