CHASSIS - BRAKE CH-111
8. Function of Main Components
Component Function
Lights up to alert the driver when the skid control ECU detects the
ABS Warning Light
malfunction in the ABS, EBD or Brake Assist system.
(cid:1) Blinks to inform the driver when the TRAC system or the VSC
Slip Indicator Light
system is operated.
(cid:1) Lights up together with ABS warning light to alert the driver
when the skid control ECU detects the malfunction in the EBD
Brake System Warning
control.
Light
Combination (cid:1) Lights up to inform the driver when the parking brake is ON or
MMeetteerr the brake fluid level is low.
Lights up to alert the driver when the skid control ECU detects the
VSC Warning Light*1
malfunction in the TRAC or VSC system.
Lights up to alert the driver when the skid control ECU detects the
Master Warning Light*2
malfunction in the TRAC or VSC system.
Displays a warning massage “CHECK VSC” to alert the driver when
Multi-information
the skid control ECU detects a malfunction in the TRAC or VSC
Display*2
system.
(cid:1) Sends the throttle valve angle signal, accelerator pedal position
signal, engine speed signal, and shift lever position signal to the
ECM skid control ECU.
(cid:1) Receives the signal of throttle control request from the skid
control ECU.
Parking Brake Switch Detects when the parking brake lever is pulled up.
Speed Sensors Detects the wheel speed of each 4 wheels.
Stop Light Switch Detects the brake pedal depressing signal.
Changes the fluid path based on the signals from the skid control
ECU during the operation of the ABS with EBD & brake assist &
Brake Actuator
TRAC & VSC system, in order to control the fluid pressure that is
applied to the wheel cylinders.
Master Cylinder Assembled in the brake actuator and detects the master cylinder
Pressure Sensor pressure.
Judges the vehicle driving condition based on signals from each
Skid Control ECU
sensor, and sends brake control signal to the brake actuator.
Solenoid Relay Supply power to the solenoid valves.
Motor Relay*4 Supply power to the pump motor in the brake actuator.
Emits an intermittent sound to inform the driver that the skid control
VSC Warning Buzzer ECU detects the strong front skid tendency or strong rear skid
tendency.
(cid:1) Detects the vehicle’s yaw rate.
Yaw Rate & Deceleration Sensor*3
(cid:1) Detects the vehicle’s longitudinal and lateral acceleration.
Yaw Rate & Lateral Acceleration (cid:1) Detects the vehicle’s yaw rate.
Sensor*4 (cid:1) Detects the vehicle’s lateral acceleration.
Steering Angle Sensor Detects the steering direction and angle of the steering wheel.
Motor Relay*3 Supply power to the pump motor in the brake actuator.
Motor Cut Relay*3 Cut the power to the pump motor in the brake actuator.
*1: LE and SE grade models
*2: XLE grade models
*3: Only for TMC made models
*4: Only for TMMK made models