CHASSIS - TIRE PRESSURE WARNING SYSTEM CH-141
(cid:3)CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATION
1. Tire Pressure Warning System Valve & Transmitter
(cid:3) The tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter is integrated in the air valve of a disc wheel. It
measures the pressure and the temperature of the air in the tire and transmits the measured values and a
recognition ID to the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter.
(cid:3) If the battery voltage drops, the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter assembly must be
replaced. Furthermore, if the battery voltage drops, the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter
will be unable to transmit signals, which causes a DTC to be output.
(cid:3) Tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter with 5 different ID code range are used on one vehicle.
(cid:3) Each tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter has a built-in semi-conductor to directly measure
the inflation pressure of the tire.
(cid:3) Frequency of the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter is 314.98 MHz.
Valve Portion
Sensor and
Transmitter
Portion
Sensor and
Disc Wheel
Transmitter
Rim
Portion
Tire Pressure
Warning System
Identification Number Valve & Transmitter
Valve Cap Nut Grommet
025CH57TE
NOTICE
(cid:3) Ensure the proper direction of the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter by adhering
to the prescribed procedure for installing a tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter on a
wheel. Failure to do so could result in an incorrect measurement of the tire air inflation pressure.
(cid:3) Make sure to replace the tires in accordance with the prescribed procedure. To prevent the tire
pressure warning system valve & transmitter from damage, drop the tire pressure warning system
valve & transmitter into the wheel before removing the tire. Failure to do so could damage the tire
pressure warning system valve & transmitter.
For further details regarding the above, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No RM0250U).
Service Tip
(cid:3) If the lithium battery is depleted, replace the entire tire pressure warning system valve &
transmitter assembly.
(cid:3) After a tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter has been replaced, the ID of the tire
pressure warning system valve & transmitter must be registered in the ECU. To register an ID, use
a hand-held tester to enter the ID code that is indicated on the sensor.
(cid:3) When replacing the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter, all the separate ID codes of
the 5-tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter must be registered. Even if only 1 tire
pressure warning system valve & transmitter is replaced, the ID codes of all 5 tire pressure warning
system valve & transmitter must be registered again.
(cid:3) A new tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter that is available as a service part is in the
sleep mode in its initial state, to prevent the battery from depleting. During PDS (Pre-Delivery
Service), after the tire pressure warning system valve & transmitter and the tire are correctly
mounted on the disc wheel, inflating the tire to the specified pressure causes the sleep mode to
cancel. Keep the air pressure of the spare tire the same as the set air pressure amount of the front
and rear tires.
For further details regarding the above, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No. RM0250U).