BODY ELECTRICAL - DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM BE-81
DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM
(cid:4)DESCRIPTION
The door lock control system has the following functions:
Function Outline
Performing the door lock operation with a transmitter (wireless remote) or a key
Manual unlock
will prohibit the unlock operation by the door lock control switch (door
prohibition function
mounted interior lock switch).
When the door is locked, this function enables the door to be unlocked by
One-motion open
merely pulling the inside handle lever of the door.
Key-linked lock and This function, which is linked with the door key cylinder, can lock or unlock all
unlock function the doors when a lock or unlock operation is effected using the mechanical key.
When the key is in the interior detection area (for models with smart key system)
Key confine or the key is inserted into the ignition key cylinder (for models without smart
prevention function key system), if the door lock operation is performed with the driver’s door open,
all the doors will be unlocked.
This function is provided to unlock the driver’s door when the key is turned in
2-step unlock
the door lock cylinder the first time, and to unlock the remaining doors when
function*1
it is turned the second time.
When the conditions listed below are met, this function causes all the doors to
Shift-linked be automatically locked.
automatic door (cid:3) The engine is running.
lock*1,2 (cid:3) All doors are closed.
(cid:3) The shift lever is moved to any position other than P.
When the conditions listed below are met, this function causes all the doors to
be automatically locked.
Speed-sensitive
(cid:3) Vehicle speed is higher than approximately 20 km/h (13 mph).
automatic door lock*1
(cid:3) All doors are closed.
(cid:3) Any one of the doors in an unlocked state.
Shift-linked When the power source*3 is ON, and the shift lever is moved to P position from
automatic door any position other than P, and the vehicle speed is 16 km/h (10 mph) or less, all
unlock*1,2 of the doors will be automatically unlocked.
Opening driver’s
All doors are unlocked automatically when the driver’s door is opened within
door-linked automatic
10 seconds after the power source*3 is changed from IG-ON to the ACC or OFF.
door unlock*1
*1:The setting function can be changed using the customized body electronics system. For details, refer to
Customized Body Electronics System section on page BE-13.
*2:Only for automatic transaxle models.
*3:Power source conditions can be changed by pressing the engine switch on models with the smart key
system and by operating the ignition switch on models without the smart key system.