BODY ELECTRICAL - AIR CONDITIONING BE-59
(cid:2)SYSTEM CONTROL
1. General
The air conditioning system has the following controls.
Automatic Manual
Control Outline
A/C A/C
This control is capable of effecting complex control by artificially simulating
Neural Network
the information processing method of the nervous system of living
Control (cid:3) —
organisms in order to establish a complex input/output relationship that is
[See page BE-60]
similar to a human brain.
The A/C ECU controls the damper positions (air inlet control damper, air
mix control damper and mode control damper) and blower speed in
Manual Control — (cid:3)
accordance with the positions of the switches (temperature control switch,
blower switch, mode select switch and air inlet control switch).
Based on the temperature set at the temperature control switch, the neural
network control calculates the outlet air temperature based on the input (cid:3) —
signals from various sensors.
OOuuttlleett AAiirr
The temperature settings for the driver and front passenger are controlled
Temp. Control
independently in order to provide separate vehicle interior temperatures for
(cid:3) —
the right and left sides of the cabin. Thus, air conditioning that
accommodates the occupants’ preferences has been realized.
Controls the blower motor in accordance with the airflow volume that has
Blower Control been calculated by the neural network control based on the input signals from (cid:3) —
various sensors.
Automatically switches the air outlets in accordance with the outlet mode
that has been calculated by the neural network control based on the input (cid:3) —
signals from various sensors.
In accordance with the engine coolant temperature, outside air temperature,
Air Outlet Control
amount of sunlight, required blower, outlet temperature, and vehicle speed
conditions, this control automatically switches the blower outlet to (cid:3) —
FOOT/DEF mode to prevent the windows from becoming fogged when the
outside air temperature is low.
Automatically controls the air inlet control damper to achieve the calculated
Air Inlet Control (cid:3) —
required outlet air temperature.
Through the calculation of the target evaporator temperature based on
various sensor signals, the A/C ECU optimally controls the discharge
(cid:3) (cid:3)
capacity by regulating the opening extent of the A/C compressor solenoid
valve.
CCoommpprreessssoorr
The A/C ECU compares the A/C pulley speed signals, which are
Control
transmitted by the lock sensor located on the A/C compressor, with the
engine speed signals, which are transmitted by the ECM (crankshaft position (cid:3) (cid:3)
sensor). When the A/C ECU determines that the A/C pulley is locked, it
turns off the magnetic clutch. (Only for models with 2GR-FE engine)
When the temperature control switch is in the MAX A/C position, the A/C
MAX A/C ECU turns the compressor on and activates the servomotor (air inlet) to set
— (cid:3)
Control the air inlet control damper to the RECIRC position, improving the cooling
efficiency.
Rear Window Switches the rear defogger and outside rear view mirror heaters on for 15
Defogger Control minutes when the rear defogger button is pressed. Switches them off if the (cid:3) (cid:3)
[See page BE-172] button is pressed again while they are operating.
Outside Calculates the outside temperature using signals transmitted by the outside
Temperature temperature sensor. Calculated values are corrected by the A/C ECU and (cid:3) (cid:3)
Indication Control then indicated on the multi-information display.
Self-Diagnosis A DTC (Diagnostic Trouble Code) is stored in the memory when the A/C
(cid:3) (cid:3)
[See page BE-61] ECU detects a problem with the air conditioning system.