BE-174 BODY ELECTRICAL - SLIDING ROOF SYSTEM
SLIDING ROOF SYSTEM
(cid:4)DESCRIPTION
(cid:3) Sliding roof system is used on the XLE grade model as standard equipment and on the other grade model
as optional equipment.
(cid:3) The ’06 Camry used a single switch to perform the tilt up-and-down and open-and-close operations of the
sliding roof. However, on the ’07 Camry a separate switch is provided for each of the tilt up-and-down
and open-and-close operations.
(cid:3) This system uses a single glass panel to perform tilt-up-down and open-and-close operations.
(cid:3) The sliding roof ECU uses 2 type Hall ICs to detect the position of the sliding roof. Sliding roof ECU and
the 2 Hall ICs are integrated into the sliding roof motor assembly
(cid:1) System Diagram (cid:2)
Sliding Roof Motor Assembly
Overhead Console Sliding Roof Motor
Tilt Switch
M
Sliding Roof
ECU
Hall IC1
Slide Control
Switch Hall IC2
Local
Combination Meter
Communication
Meter ECU CAN Main Body ECU
(CAN No.1 Bus)
Warning Message Display
(cid:3) Key OFF Operation Signal
Vehicle Speed Signal
025BE178P
Service Tip
The memory is not cleared if battery terminals are disconnected. However, initialization is necessary
after the sliding roof motor assembly is replaced. Perform the initialization as follows:
1)Keep pressing the TILT UP or SLIDE CLOSE switch until the initialization completely. This will
enable the sliding roof ECU to start initializing and perform the tilt up, tilt down, open, and close
operations of the sliding roof in sequence.
2)Keep the switch pressed for 1 second after the tilt-up operation is completed.
3)The sliding roof ECU performs the tilt down, open, and close operations.
4)The initialization process ends when the close operation is completed.
Keep the tilt-up or slide close switch pressed during initialization. If the tilt up or close switch is
released during initialization, the system will not be able to complete the initialization. If this occurs,
the aforementioned steps must be performed again.
For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub. No.RM0250U ).