BODY ELECTRICAL - SRS AIRBAG SYSTEM BE-157
(cid:3)EDR (EVENT DATA RECORDER)
The airbag sensor assembly monitors and control certain aspects of the vehicle.
These computers assist in driving and maintaining optimal vehicle performance.
Besides storing data useful for troubleshooting, there is a system to record data in a crash or a near car crash
event.
This is called the Event Data Recorder (EDR).
The airbag sensor assembly contains the EDR.
In a crash or a near car crash event, this device may record some or all of the following information:
(cid:1) Engine speed
(cid:1) Whether the brake pedal was applied or not
(cid:1) Vehicle speed
(cid:1) To what extent the accelerator pedal was depressed
(cid:1) Position of the transmission selector lever
(cid:1) Whether the driver and front passenger wore seat belts or not
(cid:1) Driver’s seat position
(cid:1) SRS airbag deployment data
(cid:1) SRS airbag system diagnostic data
The information above is intended to be used for the purpose of improving vehicle safety performance.
Unlike general data recorders, the EDR does not record sound data such as conversation between passengers.
Toyota will not disclose the data recorded in an EDR to a third party except when:
(cid:1) An agreement from the vehicle’s owner (or the leasing company for a leased vehicle) is obtained
(cid:1) Officially requested by the police or other authorities
(cid:1) Used as a defense for Toyota in a law suit
(cid:1) Ordered by the court
However, if necessary Toyota will:
(cid:1) Use the data for research on Toyota vehicle safety performance
(cid:1) Disclose the data to a third party for research purposes without disclosing details of the vehicle owner, and
only when it is deemed necessary
(cid:1) Disclose summarized data cleared of vehicle identification information to a non-Toyota organization for
research purposes
(cid:3)DIAGNOSIS
If the airbag sensor assembly detects a malfunction in the SRS airbag system, the airbag sensor assembly
stores the malfunction data in memory, in addition to illuminating the SRS warning light.
(cid:1) There are 2 types of DTC for the SRS airbag system: 5-digit and 2-digit.
(cid:1) The 5-digit DTC can be read by connecting a hand-held tester to DLC3.
(cid:1) The 2-digit DTC can be read by connecting the SST (09843-18040) to the Tc and CG terminals of the
DLC3 and reading the blinking of the SRS warning light.
(cid:1) If the SRS airbags deploy, the airbag sensor assembly will turn ON the SRS warning light. However,
differing from the ordinary diagnosis function, a DTC will not be memorized. The SRS warning light can
be turned OFF only by replacing the airbag sensor assembly with a new one.
(cid:1) For details, refer to see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (RM0250U).