BODY ELECTRICAL - SMART KEY SYSTEM BE-111
5. Entry Function Operation
General
The entry function has the following functions.
Function Outline
The key consists of a mechanical key, a transmitter for the wireless door lock remote
Mechanical Key
control and a transceiver for the smart key system, and a transponder chip for the
[See page BE-110]
engine immobilizer control.
Wireless Door Lock
This function is a convenient system for locking and unlocking all the doors or trunk,
Remote Control
at a distance. The operation is same as wireless door lock remote control system.
[See page BE-112]
Entry Illumination When a key enters the actuation area of front door oscillators, the front interior light,
[See page BE-112] and engine switch illumination illuminate.
Entry Unlock When a key is located in the actuation area front door oscillators, the door will unlock
[See page BE-113] after the inside of an outside door handle is touched.
Allows selection of one of two modes that can be operated with the entry unlock
Entry Unlock
function.
Mode Switching
(cid:3) Driver Door Mode
[See page BE-114]
(cid:3) All Door Mode
When a key is located in the actuation area of either front door oscillator and the
Entry Lock
power source is OFF, the door can be locked by merely pressing the lock switch on
[See page BE-115]
the outside door handle.
Trunk Open When a key is in the actuation area of the trunk outer oscillator, the trunk can be
[See page BE-116] opened by merely pressing the trunk open switch.
(cid:3) Prevents the confinement of the key in the vehicle by the door being locked with
Prevention of Key the outside door handle while the key is still inside the vehicle.
Confinement (cid:3) If the trunk lid is closed while the key is still in the luggage compartment, the
[See page BE-117] warning buzzer sounds. If the trunk open switch is operated for 2 seconds during
this period, the trunk lid can be opened.
When any of the situations below occur, the smart key system causes the certification
ECU to sound the buzzer in the combination meter and the wireless door lock buzzer,
and indicate a warning on the multi-information display in order to the alert the driver.
(cid:3) An exit warning if the shift lever is in a position other than P and the power source
is a mode other than OFF.
(cid:3) An exit warning if the shift lever is in P and the power source is a mode other than
Warning
OFF.
[See page BE-119]
(cid:3) A warning if the occupant leaves with the key in inappropriate circumstances.
(cid:3) A warning if the engine switch is operated while the key is outside the actuation
area.
(cid:3) A warning if the entry lock button on the door handle is operated while the key is
inside the vehicle.
(cid:3) A warning if the key battery is weak.
If the key remains within the actuation area of the front door oscillators, the system
Battery Saving
maintains periodic communication with key. Therefore, if the vehicle remains parked
[See page BE-129]
in that state for a long time, the key battery and the vehicle battery could be drained.
The following key functions can be cancelled by following certain procedures.
(cid:3) Entry unlock/lock
Key Cancel
(cid:3) Trunk open
[See page BE-130]
(cid:3) Prevention of key confinement
(cid:3) Warning
Key Code A total of four keys can be registered.
Registration Enables the registering (writing and storing) of transmitter recognition codes in the
[See page BE-130] EEPROM that is contained in the certification ECU.