BODY ELECTRICAL - WIRELESS DOOR LOCK REMOTE CONTROL SYSTEM BE-87
(cid:1)FUNCTION
1. General
The wireless door lock remote control system has following functions:
Function Outline
All Doors Lock Pressing the LOCK button of the transmitter lock all doors.
All Doors Unlock* Pressing the UNLOCK button of the transmitter once unlocks the driver’s door,
(2-step unlock) and pressing it again within 3 seconds unlocks all doors.
Keeping the TRUNK button of the transmitter pressed longer about 0.6 seconds
Trunk Opener*
opens the trunk lid.
(cid:1) The hazard light flashes once when locking, and flashes twice when
unlocking, to inform that the operation has been completed.
Answer Back*
(cid:1) The wireless door lock buzzer sounds once when locking, and sounds twice
when unlocking, to inform that the operation has been completed.
Keeping the PANIC button of the transmitter pressed longer that about 1
seconds causes the following alarms to activate.
Panic Alarm (cid:1) Sounds the horn and security horn.
(cid:1) Flashes the hazard warning lights head lights, and taillights.
(cid:1) Illuminates the interior light.
If none of the doors are opened within 60 seconds of being unlocked by the
Automatic Lock* wireless door lock remote control, all the doors will be locked again
automatically.
If any door is open or ajar, pressing the LOCK button of the transmitter will
Door Ajar Warning*
cause the wireless door lock buzzer to sound for about 10 seconds.
If a door is not locked in response to the locking operation of the transmitter,
Repeat
the integration relay will output a lock signal after the unlock operation.
When all the doors are locked, pressing the UNLOCK button causes the interior
Illuminated Entry*
lights to illuminate simultaneously with the unlock operation.
Transmitter
Enables the registering (writing or storing) of 6 types of transmitter recognition
Recognition Code
codes in the EEPROM that is contained in the main body ECU.
Registration Function
*: The setting function can be changed using the customized body electronics system. For details, refer to
Customized Body Electrical System section on page BE-13.