BE-168 BODY ELECTRICAL - REAR VIEW MIRROR
(cid:3)AUTOMATIC GLARE-RESISTANT EC MIRROR
1. General
During nighttime driving, if a large difference in intensity exists between the surrounding light and the light
reflected off the inside rear view mirror from the headlights behind, an automatic glare-resistant EC
(Electrochromic) mirror automatically reduces the reflection rate of the mirror and thus dampens the glare
from the mirror.
(cid:1) This system uses 2 sensors (surrounding light detection sensor, rear light detection sensor) that are present
in the inside rear view mirror to detect the difference between the intensity of light in the environment,
and the light that the inside rear view mirror receives from the rear of the vehicle.
(cid:1) When the ignition switch/engine switch* is changed from OFF to IG-ON, this system defaults to AUTO
mode.
*:Only for models with Smart Key System
(cid:1) System Diagram (cid:2)
Inside Rear View Mirror
(cid:1) CPU
(cid:1) Surrounding Light Detection Sensor
Rear Light Surrounding Light
(cid:1) Rear Light Detection Sensor
(cid:1) Mirror Switch
(cid:1) LED
Surrounding Light Detection Sensor
025BE171P
LED Indicator Rear Light Detection Sensor
Mirror Switch
025BE172TE
2. Function of Components
Component Function
Surrounding Light Detection
Detects the intensity of the light surrounding the vehicle.
Sensor
Detects the intensity of the light that strikes the inside rear view mirror
Rear Light Detection Sensor
from behind the vehicle.
LED Turns on to inform the driver when AUTO mode is operating.
Mirror modes can be selected and compass setting can be performed by
pressing the Mirror switch for a given length of time as follows
(cid:1) 0 ~ 3 seconds: AUTOmode/AUTO OFF mode
Mirror Switch
(cid:1) 3 ~ 6 seconds: Compass display/compass clear
(cid:1) 6 ~ 9 seconds: Compass region setting
(cid:1) 9 seconds or more: Compass system calibration
EC Mirror Cell Varies the refection rate of the mirror using the function of EC element.
Controls the reflections rate in accordance with the signals from the 2
CPU
sensors.