CHASSIS - U250E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE CH-23
(cid:5)ELECTRONIC CONTROL SYSTEM
1. General
The electronic control system of the U250E automatic transaxle consists of the control listed below.
System Outline
The ECM sends current to 3 solenoid valves (SL1, SL2, and SL3) based
Shift Timing Control
on signals from each sensor and shifts the gear.
(cid:3) Controls the pressure that is applied directly to B brake, C and C
1 0 1
clutches by actuating 3 solenoid valves (SL1, SL2, and SL3) in
Clutch Pressure Control accordance with ECM signals.
(See page CH-28) (cid:3) 3 solenoid valves (SL1, SL2, and SL3) minutely control the clutch
pressure in accordance with the engine output and driving
conditions.
Actuates the solenoid valve SLT to control the line pressure in
Line Pressure Optimal Control
accordance with information from the ECM and the operating
(See page CH-29)
conditions of the transaxle.
Shifting Control in Uphill/ Controls to restrict the 4th or 5th upshift or to provide appropriate
Downhill Traveling engine braking by the ECM to determine whether the vehicle is
(See page CH-30) traveling uphill or downhill.
The ECM sends current to the solenoid valves DSL and SL2 based on
Lock-up Timing Control
signals from each sensor and engages or disengages the lock-up clutch.
Controls the solenoid valve SL2 and DSL, provides an intermediate
Flex Lock-up Clutch Control mode between the ON/OFF operation of the lock-up clutch, and
(See page CH-31) increase the operating range of the lock-up clutch to improve fuel
economy.
Retards the engine ignition timing temporarily to improve shift feeling
Engine Torque Control
during up or down shifting.
When the shift lever is shifted from “N” to “D” position, the gear is
“N” to “D” Squat Control
temporarily shifted to 3rd and then to 1st to reduce vehicle squat.
Diagnosis When the ECM detects a malfunction, the ECM makes a diagnosis and
(See page CH-32) memorizes the malfunctioning part.
Even if a malfunction is detected in the sensors or solenoids, the ECM
Fail-safe
activates fail-safe control to prevent the vehicle’s drivability from
(See page CH-32)
being significantly affected.