BODY ELECTRICAL - BLUETOOTH HANDS-FREE SYSTEM BE-71
(cid:4)HANDS-FREE FUNCTIONS (Models with Navigation with AV System)
The Bluetooth hands-free system installed on the models with navigation with AV system has the following
functions. However, for safety, some functions may not be selectable when the vehicle is being driven.
Function Outline
By dial The user can call by inputting a telephone number.
The user can call by using the phonebook data that have been
By phonebook transferred from the user’s cellular phone. The user can register up
to 1000 numbers in the phonebook.
The user can call by selecting a previously dialed number. The
system remembers up to five dialed numbers. If more than five
By dialed numbers
numbers have been dialed, the oldest number will no longer be
remembered.
The user can call by selecting the telephone number of a received
call. When a call is received, the system will remember the last five
Call with By received calls
numbers. If more than five calls have been received, the oldest
Bluetooth
number will no longer be remembered.
pphhoonnee
The user can call by using registered telephone numbers that the
By speed dial*
user selected from the phonebook, dialed numbers or received calls.
By voice recognition
The user can call by giving a name registered in the phonebook.
(Dialing by name)
By voice recognition
(Dialing by phone The user can call by giving a desired number.
number)
By POI (Point of The user can call by operating a switch when “Call” is displayed on
Interest) call the screen from navigation system.
Receive with Bluetooth phone When a call is received, the receive screen is displayed with a sound.
Talk on the Bluetooth phone While user is talking on the phone, the talking screen is displayed.
The user can register the desired telephone number from the
Registering the speed
phonebook, dialed numbers or received calls. Up to 17 speed dial
dial
numbers can be registered.
The user can set the volume.
Automatic volume settings for high speed:
When the vehicle speed is over 80 km/h (50 mph), the volume
automatically increases by 3 dB from the volume set by the user.
Setting the volume
When the vehicle speed decreases to 70 km/h (44 mph) or lower,
the volume returns to the previous volume setting.
Change the Initializing the settings:
sseettttiinnggss ooff The user can initialize the settings.
the Bluetooth Receiving call display:
phone The user can select the method of the receiving call display.
Auto answer:
When a call is received, the display automatically changes to the
talking screen and user can start to talk on the phone (without
SSeettttiinngg tthhee ssccrreeeenn touching any switch) after a preset time.
The Bluetooth connection status at startup:
When the user turns the power source to ACC or IG-ON and the
Bluetooth is automatically connected, the connection check is
displayed.
Initializing the settings: The user can initialize the settings.
*: The user can operate it while driving. (Continued)