BODY ELECTRICAL - CRUISE CONTROL SYSTEM BE-163
3. System Control
General
The cruise control has the following control.
Control Outline
The ECM compares the actual vehicle speed and the set speed and if the vehicle
Constant Speed speed is higher than the set speed, it uses the throttle control motor to decrease
Control the throttle opening. If the actual vehicle speed is lower than the set speed, it
uses the throttle control motor to increase the throttle opening.
While this system fulfils the following conditions, and the cruise control switch
is pressed to the SET/- side and released when the ON-OFF button on the
Set Control cruise control switch has been pressed to turn the system on, the ECM stores
the vehicle speed and maintains the vehicle constantly at that speed.
(cid:3) The vehicle is running at a vehicle speed of about 40 km/h (25 mph) or more.
The low speed limit is the lowest speed that cruise control can be set at and it
is designed to be approx. 40 km/h (25 mph). The cruise control cannot be set
Low Speed Limit
below that speed. If the vehicle speed drops below that speed while running in
Control
the cruise control, the cruise control will be cancelled automatically. However
the set speed in the memory is kept.
While the cruise control switch is held to the SET/- side, the vehicle speed and
the set vehicle speed change as follows.
COAST Switch
(cid:3) The vehicle decelerates constantly.
Control
(cid:3) The set vehicle speed changes to the speed that the vehicle is traveling at
when the COAST switch is released.
When the cruise control switch is pushed momentarily (approx. 0.6 sec.) to the
SET/- side, the vehicle speed and the vehicle setting speed change as follows.
(cid:3) The vehicle will decelerate in increments of approx. 1.6 km/h (1 mph) for
each time the switch was pressed.
Tap Down Control
(cid:3) However, if the difference between the actual vehicle speed and the vehicle
setting speed is greater than 5 km/h (3.1 mph), the vehicle setting speed will
change to the speed at which the vehicle was being driven at the time the
switch was operated.
When the cruise control switch is pushed to the RES/+ side and held, the
vehicle speed and the vehicle setting speed change as follows.
ACC Switch Control
(cid:3) The vehicle accelerates constantly.
(cid:3) The set vehicle speed changes to the speed as which the switch is releases.
When the cruise control switch is pushed momentarily (approx. 0.6 sec.) to the
RES/+ side, the vehicle speed and the vehicle setting speed change as follows.
(cid:3) The vehicle accelerates in increments of approx. 1.6 km/h (1 mph) for each
Tap Up Control time the switch was pressed.
(cid:3) However, if the difference between the actual vehicle speed and the vehicle
setting speed is greater than 5 km/h (3.1 mph), the vehicle setting speed does
not change.
If cruise control is canceled for any reason other than a malfunction or main
switch operation and vehicle speed is more than the low speed limit, the vehicle
speed is returned to the speed before the cancellation of cruise operation by
RES Switch Control
setting the cruise control switch to the RES/+ side. The cruise control mode
can be resumed even if the vehicle speed drops below the low speed limit,
because the speed in the memory is not cleared.
(Continued)