BODY ELECTRICAL - THEFT DETERRENT SYSTEM BE-135
(cid:4)FUNCTION
The theft deterrent system has the following function:
Function Outline
When the theft deterrent system is enters the alarm state, the warning items
Alarm (interior light, headlights, taillights, hazard warning lights and security horn) are
operated for approximately 60 seconds.
When the theft deterrent system is enters the alarm state, the vehicle horn is
Vehicle Horn Alarm
operated for approximately 60 seconds.
When the state of the theft deterrent system enters the armed preparation or alarm
state, the security indicator light is illuminated to inform the user.
Alarm Indicator
This indicator is also the engine immobilizer indicator, it blinks when the engine
immobilizer is in an engaged state.
The main body ECU transmits a door lock signal to all the doors when all the
following conditions are satisfied.
(cid:3) The theft deterrent system is in the alarm state.
(cid:3) There is no key inserted in the ignition key cylinder.*1
(cid:3) Key is not in the actuation area.*2
Forced Door Lock (cid:3) One of the front doors has been unlocked.
The function stops when one of the following conditions is met.
(cid:3) All doors are locked. (lock function of door lock or transmitter is operated).
(cid:3) The warning ends after approximately 60 seconds.
(cid:3) The ignition key is inserted in the ignition key cylinder.*1
(cid:3) Key is in the actuation area.*2
In order to inform the user that the theft deterrent system had entered the alarm
Alarm Memory state, the main body ECU will illuminate the taillights for 2 seconds when the
system is switched to the disarmed state.
When the PANIC button of the transmitter or key is pressed, the main body ECU
Panic Control
operates the alarm function.
When the user forgets to lock the doors, the theft deterrent system operates to
Passive Mode lock them. (When the user closes all the doors, the theft deterrent system operates
to lock all the doors after a delay.)
*1: Models without smart key system
*2: Models with smart key system