CHASSIS - U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE CH-61
4. Construction and Operation of Main Components
ECT ECU
(cid:3) The ECT ECU has been isolated from the ECM and directly fitted to the transaxle. Thus, the wiring
harness has been shortened allowing the weight to be reduced. All the solenoid valves and sensors used
for automatic transaxle control are directly connected to the ECT ECU through the connector located in
front of the automatic transaxle.
(cid:3) The ECT ECU maintains communication with the ECM through the CAN (Controller Area Network).
Thus, engine control is effected in coordination with ECT control.
(cid:3) A label, on which the automatic transaxle compensation values and QR (Quick Response) code are
printed, is attached on the top of the automatic transaxle. The label contains encoded automatic transaxle
property information. When the automatic transaxle is replaced, allow the ECT ECU to learn the
automatic transaxle property information by inputting the automatic transaxle compensation values into
the ECT ECU using a hand-held tester. In this way, the shift control performance immediately after
replacement of the automatic transaxle is improved. For details, see the 2007 Camry Repair Manual (Pub.
No. RM0250U).
(cid:3) The QR code, which requires a special scan tool, is used at the vehicle assembly plant.
QR Code
ECT ECU
Automatic Transaxle
Compensation Value
Transaxle Connector Transaxle Front View 025CH28TE
— REFERENCE —
What are QR (Quick Response) Codes?
(cid:3) QR code, a matrix symbology consisting of an array of nominally square cells, allows omni-directional,
high-speed reading of large amounts of data.
(cid:3) QR codes encode many types of data such as numeric, alphanumeric, kanji, kana and binary codes. A
maximum of 7,089 characters (numeric) can be encoded.
(cid:3) QR codes (2D code) contain information in the vertical and horizontal directions, whereas bar codes
only contain data in one direction. QR codes (2D code) hold considerably greater volumes of information
than bar codes.