BE-164 BODY ELECTRICAL - CRUISE CONTROL SYSTEM
Control Outline
ECT ECU incorporated into ECM (U250E Automatic Transaxle):
When the vehicle is cruising uphill, shift-down control may be performed by the
ECT (Electronic Control Transmission). When the ECM judges the end of cruising
uphill based on the throttle valve angle, the shift-down control will turn on again.
There is a case where the shift-down control turns off during ACC or RES switch
control.
SShhiifftt DDoowwnn
ECT ECU isolated from ECM (U660E Automatic Transaxle):
Control
When the vehicle is cruising uphill, shift-down control may be performed by the
ECT (Electronic Control Transmission). The ECM transmits the shift up request
signal to the ECT ECU when the ECM judges the end of cruising uphill based on
the throttle valve angle. If shift-down control is performed during ACC or RES
switch control, the ECM transmits the shift up request signal to the ECT ECU after
ACC or RES switch control is completed.
If any of the following signals is sent to the ECM, the cruise control is cancelled
accordingly.
Manual Cancel (cid:3) Clutch switch ON signal/Depress the clutch pedal. (for M/T)
Control (cid:3) Stop light switch ON signal/Depress the brake pedal. (for A/T)
(cid:3) CANCEL switch ON signal (cruise control switch moved to CANCEL side)
(cid:3) Cruise control switch (ON-OFF button) OFF signal.
When any of the following conditions occur during cruise control operation, the
speed that is set in the memory is cleared and the cruise control is cancelled.
(cid:3) Stop light switch open or short circuit
(cid:3) The vehicle speed signal is not input for a predetermined period of time.
(cid:3) ETCS-i malfunction
Furthermore, the cruise MAIN indicator light will blink until the ON-OFF button
on the cruise control switch is used to turn the system off, and the operation of the
cruise control will be disabled until the ON-OFF button is turned ON again.
When any of the following conditions occur during cruise control driving, the speed
Automatic Cancel that is set in the memory is cleared and the cruise control is cancelled.
Control (cid:3) Stop light switch input signal is abnormal.
(cid:3) Cruise control switch input signal is abnormal.
Furthermore, the cruise MAIN indicator light will blink until the ON-OFF button
on the cruise control switch is used to turn the system off, and the operation of the
cruise control will be disabled until the power source* is turned IG-ON again.
When any of the following conditions occur during cruise control driving, the cruise
control is cancelled.
(cid:3) Vehicle speed is below the low speed limit (approx. 40 km/h [25 mph]) or less.
(cid:3) Vehicle speed decreases by 16 km/h (10 mph) or more below the speed at which
the cruise control was set.
When the ECM does not receive a vehicle speed signal for a predetermined period
of time during cruising, or when cruise control is cancelled (automatic cancel) due
Diagnosis to a malfunction of the cruise control, stop light switch or vehicle speed signal, the
ECM immediately blinks the cruise MAIN indicator light due to the malfunction.
The contents relating to the malfunction will be stored in the ECM.
*: Power source conditions can be changed by pressing the engine switch on models with the smart key
system and by operating the ignition switch on models without smart key system.