ES–133
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
DTC P0100 Mass or Volume Air Flow Circuit
DTC P0102 Mass or Volume Air Flow Circuit Low Input
DTC P0103 Mass or Volume Air Flow Circuit High Input
DESCRIPTION
The Mass Air Flow (MAF) meter is a sensor that measures the amount of air flowing through the valve.
The ECM uses this information to determine the fuel injection time and to prove appropriate air-fuel ratio.
Inside the MAF meter, there is a heated platinum wire which is exposed to the flow of intake air.
By applying a specific electrical current to the wire, the ECM heats it to a given temperature. The flow of
incoming air cools both the wire and an internal thermistor, affecting their resistance. To maintain a
constant current value, the ECM varies the voltage applied to these components in the MAF meter. The
ES
voltage level is proportional to the airflow through the sensor, and the ECM uses it to calculate the intake
air volume.
The circuit is constructed so that the platinum hot wire and the temperature sensor provide a bridge
circuit, and the power transistor is controlled so that the potentials of A and B remain equal to maintain the
predetermined temperature.
HINT:
When any of these DTCs are set, the ECM enters fail-safe mode. During fail-safe mode, the ignition
timing is calculated by the ECM, according to the engine RPM and throttle valve position. Fail-safe mode
continues until a pass condition is detected.
+B
Temperature Sensor
Power Transistor
(Thermistor)
Platinum Hot Wire (Heater)
A B
Output Voltage
Temperature Sensor (Thermistor) Platinum Hot Wire (Heater)
A140749E04
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
• Open or short in MAF meter circuit
Open or short in Mass Air Flow (MAF) meter circuit for 3
P0100 • MAF meter
seconds
• ECM
• Open in MAF meter circuit
Open in Mass Air Flow (MAF) meter circuit for 3 • Short in MAF meter circuit
P0102
seconds • MAF meter
• ECM
• Short in MAF meter circuit (+B circuit)
Short in Mass Air Flow (MAF) meter circuit for 3
P0103 • MAF meter
seconds
• ECM