ST–5
2GR-FE STARTING – SMART KEY SYSTEM
SMART KEY SYSTEM
PRECAUTION
1. EMERGENCY ENGINE START CONTROL
(a) If there is a malfunction in the stop light switch or
STOP fuse, their signals may not be correctly
transmitted to the main body ECU. This may result
in the engine not starting even if the engine switch is
pressed while the brake pedal is depressed and the
shift lever is in the P position.
To activate the starter:
(1) Turn the engine switch from off to on (ACC).
(2) Press and hold the engine switch for 15
seconds.
2. PRECAUTIONS FOR PUSH-BUTTON START
FUNCTION:
(a) Before starting the engine, firmly depress the brake
pedal until the indicator in the engine switch turns
green.
(b) The power source mode (off, on (ACC), on (IG)) is
always retained in memory by the vehicle. If the
battery is disconnected, the power source mode
that was present before disconnection will be
restored after the battery is reconnected. Be sure to
turn the engine switch off before disconnecting the
cable from the negative battery terminal. Be careful
if the power source mode of a vehicle with a
discharged battery is not known.
(c) After the battery is reconnected, be sure to wait 10
seconds or more before attempting to start the
engine. The engine may not start immediately after
the battery is reconnected.
(d) If the electrical key is held near the engine switch to
start the engine when the electrical key battery is
depleted, the following warnings will sound:
(1) Driver's door open → closed
• An exit warning will sound if the shift lever is
in a position other than P and the power
source is in a mode other than off.
• An exit warning will sound if the shift lever is
in the P position and the power source is in a
mode other than off.
(2) Doors other than the driver door open → closed
• A warning will sound to indicate that the
electrical key has been taken out of the
ST
vehicle.
These warnings will sound because it is not possible for the
vehicle to determine if the key is present in the vehicle (due to
the depleted key battery). These warnings do not indicate
system malfunctions.