CH–6
2GR-FE CHARGING – CHARGING SYSTEM
(b) Check that the belt fits properly in the ribbed
grooves.
CORRECT INCORRECT
HINT:
Check with your hand to confirm that the belt has
not slipped out of the groove on the bottom of the
pulley.
If it has slipped out, replace the V-ribbed belt. Install
a new V-ribbed belt correctly.
7. VISUALLY CHECK GENERATOR WIRING
B000540E03 (a) Check that the generator wiring is in good condition.
If the condition is not good, repair or replace the
generator wire.
8. LISTEN FOR ABNORMAL NOISES FROM
GENERATOR
(a) Check that there is no abnormal noise from the
generator while the engine is running.
If there is abnormal noise, replace the pulley or
generator.
9. CHECK CHARGE WARNING LIGHT CIRCUIT
(a) Turn the ignition switch on (IG). Check that the
charge warning light comes on.
(b) Start the engine and check that the light goes off.
If the light does not operate as specified,
troubleshoot the charge warning light circuit.
10. CHECK CHARGING CIRCUIT WITHOUT LOAD
(a) According to the following procedure, connect an
Disconnect
Ammeter ammeter and voltmeter as shown in the illustration.
Wire from
Terminal B (1) Disconnect the wire from terminal B of the
A
generator and connect it to the negative (-) lead
of the ammeter.
(2) Connect the positive (+) lead of the ammeter to
(cid:15) (cid:13) terminal B of the generator.
(3) Connect the positive (+) lead of the voltmeter to
positive (+) terminal of the battery.
(4) Ground the negative (-) lead of the voltmeter.
Battery (b) Check the charging circuit.
(1) While keeping the engine speed at 2,000 rpm,
check the readings on the ammeter and
Generator voltmeter.
Standard amperage:
10 A or less
Voltmeter
Standard voltage:
13.2 to 14.8 V
V
If the results are not as specified, replace the
generator assembly.
Battery
HINT:
(cid:13) (cid:15) • If the battery is not fully charged, the
ammeter reading may be more than the
CH
standard amperage. In this case, increase
electrical load by operating devices such as
A110265E04 the wiper motor and rear window defogger.
Then, recheck the reading on the ammeter.