ST–15
2GR-FE STARTING – SMART KEY SYSTEM
HINT:
While the vehicle is being driven normally,
operation of the engine switch is disabled.
However, if the engine must be stopped in an
emergency while the vehicle is being driven,
pressing the engine switch for 3 seconds or more
stops the engine. Power source mode changes
from start to on (ACC).
6. WHEN KEY BATTERY IS LOW
Required Distance: (a) To operate the push-button start function when the
10 mm (0.39 in.) key battery is low, hold the key close to the engine
switch with the brake pedal depressed.
(b) The main body ECU transmits a key verification
request signal from the stop light switch to the
certification ECU.
(c) The certification ECU does not receive an ID code
Engine Switch response from the entry door control receiver, so it
actuates the transponder key amplifier built into the
engine switch.
(d) The transponder key amplifier outputs an engine
immobiliser radio wave to the key.
(e) The key receives the radio wave, and returns a
radio wave response to the transponder key
amplifier.
Key (f) The transponder key amplifier combines the key ID
codes with the radio wave response, and transmits
it to the certification ECU.
(g) The certification ECU judges and verifies the ID
code, and transmits a key verification OK signal to
B137947E01
the main body ECU. The buzzer in the combination
meter sounds at the same time.
(h) After the buzzer sounds, if the engine switch is
pressed within 5 seconds with the brake pedal not
depressed, the power source mode changes to on
(ACC) or on (IG), the same as in the normal
condition.
7. DIAGNOSIS
The main body ECU can detect malfunctions in the push-
button start function when the power source mode is on (IG).
When the ECU detects a malfunction, the amber indicator
light of the engine switch flashes to warn the driver. At the
same time, the ECU stores a 5-digit DTC (Diagnostic Trouble
Code) in the memory.
• The indicator light warning continues for 15 seconds even
after the power source mode is changed to off.
• The DTC can be read by connecting the intelligent tester
ST
to the DLC3.
• The push-button start function cannot be operated if a
malfunction occurs.