ES–173
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Insufficient Coolant Temperature for Closed
DTC P0125
Loop Fuel Control
DESCRIPTION
A thermistor is built into the Engine Coolant Temperature (ECT) sensor, and its resistance value varies
according to the ECT.
The structure of the sensor and its connection to the ECM are the same as those of the Intake Air
Temperature (IAT) sensor.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
Engine coolant temperature (ECT) does not reach • Engine coolant temperature sensor
P0125 closed-loop enabling temperature for 20 minutes (this • Cooling system
period varies with ECT when engine start) • Thermostat
ES
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The resistance of the ECT varies in proportion to the actual ECT. The ECT supplies a constant voltage to
the sensor and monitors the signal output voltage of the sensor. The signal voltage output varies
according to the changing resistance of the sensor. After the engine is started, the ECT is monitored
through this signal. If the ECT sensor indicates that the engine is not yet warm enough for closed-loop fuel
control, despite a specified period of time having elapsed since the engine was started, the ECM
interprets this as a malfunction in the sensor or cooling system and sets the DTC.
Example:
The ECT is 0°C (32°F) at engine start. After 5 minutes running time, the ECT sensor still indicates that
the engine is not warm enough to begin closed-loop fuel (air-fuel ratio feedback) control. The ECM
interprets this as a malfunction in the sensor or cooling system and sets the DTC.
MONITOR STRATEGY
Related DTCs P0125: Insufficient engine coolant temperature for closed-loop fuel control
Required Sensors/Components (Main) Thermostat, cooling system
Required Sensors/Components (Related) Engine coolant temperature sensor and mass air flow meter
Frequency of Operation Once per driving cycle
64 seconds: Closed-loop enabling temperature - 8.34°C (15°F) or more
111.2 seconds: Closed-loop enabling temperature - 19.45 to 8.34°C (35 to
Duration
15°F)
1,200 seconds: Less than closed-loop enabling temperature - 19.45°C (35°F)
MIL Operation 2 driving cycles
Sequence of Operation None
TYPICAL ENABLING CONDITIONS
P0100 - P0103 (MAF sensor)
Monitor runs whenever following DTCs are not present P0110 - P0113 (IAT sensor)
P0115 - P0118 (ECT sensor)
MAF sensor circuit fail Not detected
IAT sensor circuit fail Not detected
ECT sensor circuit fail Not detected
Thermostat fail Not detected