ST–12
2GR-FE STARTING – SMART KEY SYSTEM
4. CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATION
Indicator Light (a) Engine Switch
The engine switch consists of a momentary type
switch, 3 color (amber, green, greenish white)
LEDs, and a transponder key amplifier.
START • The greenish white LED is for illumination.
STOP • The amber and green LEDs are for the indicator
lights. The driver can check the present power
source mode and whether the engine can start in
accordance with the illumination state of the
A109251E01
indicator light.
• When the main body ECU detects an
abnormality in the push-button start function, it
makes the amber indicator light flash. If the
engine stopped in this state, it may not be
possible to restart it.
(b) Indicator Light Condition
Engine switch indicator light condition:
Indicator Light Condition
Power Source Mode/Condition
Brake pedal released Brake pedal depressed, shift lever in P or N
off OFF ON (Green) (When key and vehicle IDs match)
on (ACC, IG) ON (Amber) ON (Green)
Engine running OFF OFF
Steering lock not unlocked Flashes (Green) for 15 sec. Flashes (Green) for 15 sec.
System malfunction Flashes (Amber) for 15 sec. Flashes (Amber) for 15 sec.
(c) Main body ECU
The main body ECU consists of the IG1 and IG2
relay actuation circuits and CPU.
HINT:
Before removing the battery, make sure to turn the
engine switch off. The main body ECU constantly
stores the present power source mode in its
memory. Therefore, if the main body ECU is
interrupted by disconnecting the battery, the main
body ECU restores the power source mode after the
battery is reconnected. For this reason, if the battery
is disconnected when the engine switch is not off,
the power will be restored to the vehicle at the same
time the power is restored to the main body ECU (by
reconnecting the battery).
5. PUSH-BUTTON START FUNCTION OPERATION
(a) This system has different power source mode
patterns depending on the brake pedal condition
and shift lever position.
ST Brake Pedal Shift Lever Power Source Mode Pattern
When the engine switch is pushed once.
• off → engine start
Depressed P or N position
• on (ACC) → engine start
• on (IG) → engine start
Each time the engine switch is pushed.
P position
• off → on (ACC) → on (IG) → off
Not depressed
Each time the engine switch is pushed.
Except P position
• off → on (ACC) → on (IG) → on (ACC)