ST–11
2GR-FE STARTING – SMART KEY SYSTEM
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. PUSH-BUTTON START FUNCTION DESCRIPTION
(a) The push-button start function uses a push-type
engine switch, which the driver can operate by
merely carrying the electrical key. This system
consists primarily of the main body ECU, engine
switch, ID code box, steering lock ECU, electrical
key, ACC relay, IG1 relay, IG2 relay and certification
ECU. The main body ECU controls the function.
This function operates in cooperation with the smart
key system.
2. FUNCTION OF COMPONENT
Component Function
• Transmits engine switch signal to main body ECU.
• Informs driver of power source mode or system abnormality with
Engine Switch
illumination of indicator light.
• Transponder Key Amplifier
• Receives ID code and transmits it to certification ECU when key
battery is low.
Receives signals from oscillators and returns ID code to entry door
Electrical Key
control receiver.
Electrical Key Oscillator Receives request signals from certification ECU and forms detection
• Console and Rear Seat area in vehicle interior.
Receives lock/unlock request signals from certification ECU and main
Steering Lock ECU
body ECU.
Receives ID code from electrical key and transmits it to certification
Entry Door Control Receiver
ECU.
• Changes power source mode in 4 stages (off, on (ACC), on (IG),
start) in accordance with shift position and state of stop light
Main body ECU switch.
• Controls push-button start function in accordance with signals
received from switches and each ECU.
Certifies ID code received from entry door control receiver and
Certification ECU
transmits certification results to ID code ECU and steering lock ECU.
Stop Light Switch Outputs state of brake pedal to main body ECU.
Receives steering unlock or engine immobiliser unset signals from
ID Code Box certification ECU, certifies them, and transmits each unset signal to
steering lock ECU or ECM.
• Receives engine start request signal from main body ECU, turns
ON ST relay, and starts engine.
ECM
• Receives signal from ID code ECU and performs engine ignition
and injection.
3. SYSTEM FUNCTION
The electric controls of the push-button start function are
described below:
Control Outline
• When driver operates engine switch with electrical key in driver's
possession, certification ECU starts indoor electrical key oscillator,
which transmits request signal to electrical key. Upon receiving
ST
this signal, the electrical key transmits ID code signal to main body
Engine switch control
ECU.
• ID code box verifies check results received from certification ECU
via LIN and sends them to main body ECU. Based on these
results, main body ECU authorizes operation of engine switch.
When main body ECU detects malfunction, main body ECU
Diagnosis
diagnoses and memorizes failed section.