ES–216
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
CONFIRMATION DRIVING PATTERN
1. Connect the intelligent tester to the DLC3.
2. Turn the ignition switch on (IG).
3. Turn the tester on.
4. Record the DTC(s) and freeze frame data.
5. Using the tester, switch the ECM from normal mode to check mode (See page ES-49).
6. Read the misfire counts of each cylinder (CYL #10 to #60) with the engine in an idling condition. If any
misfire count is displayed, skip the following confirmation driving pattern.
7. Drive the vehicle several times with the conditions, such as engine rpm and engine load, shown in
MISFIRE RPM and MISFIRE LOAD in the DATA LIST.
HINT:
In order to store misfire DTCs, it is necessary to operate the vehicle for the period of time shown in the
table below, using the MISFIRE RPM and MISFIRE LOAD in the DATA LIST.
ES
Engine RPM Duration
Idling 3.5 minutes or more
1,000 3 minutes or more
2,000 1.5 minutes or more
3,000 1 minute or more
8. Check whether misfires have occurred by checking DTCs and freeze frame data.
HINT:
Do not turn the engine switch off until the stored DTC(s) and freeze frame data have been recorded.
When the ECM returns to normal mode (default), the stored DTC(s), freeze frame data and other data
will be erased.
9. Record the DTC(s), freeze frame data and misfire counts.
10.Turn the engine switch off and wait for at least 5 seconds.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE
HINT:
• If any DTCs other than misfire DTCs are output, troubleshoot those DTCs first.
• Read freeze frame data using the intelligent tester. The ECM records vehicle and driving condition
information as freeze frame data the moment a DTC is stored. When troubleshooting, freeze frame
data can be helpful in determining whether the vehicle was running or stopped, whether the engine
was warmed up or not, whether the air-fuel ratio was lean or rich, as well as other data recorded at the
time of a malfunction (See page ES-45).
• If the misfire does not recur when the vehicle is brought to the workshop, reproduce the conditions
stored in the ECM as freeze frame data.
• If the misfire still cannot be reproduced even though the conditions stored in the ECM as freeze frame
data have been reproduced, one of the following factors is considered to be a possible cause of the
problem:
(a)There was insufficient fuel in the tank.
(b)Improper fuel is used.
(c)The spark plugs have been contaminated.
(d)The problem requires further diagnosis.
• After finishing repairs, check the misfire counts of the cylinders (CYL #1, #2, #3, #4, #5 and #6).
• Be sure to confirm that no misfiring cylinder DTCs are set again by conducting the confirmation driving
pattern after finishing repairs.
• For 6 and 8 cylinder engines, the ECM intentionally does not set the specific misfiring cylinder DTCs at
high engine RPM. If misfires occur only in high engine RPM areas, only DTC P0300 is set.
In the event of DTC P0300 being present, perform the following operations:
(a)Clear the DTC (See page ES-45).
(b)Start the engine and conduct the confirmation driving pattern.
(c)Read the misfiring rates of each cylinder or DTC(s) using the tester.