ES–328
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
DTC P2102 Throttle Actuator Control Motor Circuit Low
DTC P2103 Throttle Actuator Control Motor Circuit High
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
The throttle actuator is operated by the ECM and opens and closes the throttle valve using the gears.
The opening angle of the throttle valve is detected by the Throttle Position (TP) sensor, which is mounted
on the throttle body. The TP sensor provides feedback to the ECM. This feedback allows the ECM to
appropriately control the throttle actuator and monitor the throttle opening angle as the ECM responds to
driver inputs.
HINT:
This ETCS (Electronic Throttle Control System) does not use a throttle cable.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
ES
Conditions (a) and (b) continue for 2.0 seconds (1 trip
• Open in throttle actuator circuit
detection logic):
P2102 • Throttle actuator
(a) Throttle actuator duty ratio 80 % or more
• ECM
(b) Throttle actuator current 0.5 A or less
• Short in throttle actuator circuit
Either of the following conditions is met: • Throttle actuator
P2103 • Hybrid IC diagnosis signal fails • Throttle valve
• Hybrid IC current limiter port fails • Throttle body assembly
• ECM
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The ECM monitors the electrical current through the electronic actuator, and detects malfunctions and
open circuits in the throttle actuator based on this value. If the current is outside the standard range, the
ECM determines that there is a malfunction in the throttle actuator. In addition, if the throttle valve does
not function properly (for example, stuck on), the ECM determines that there is a malfunction. The ECM
then illuminates the MIL and sets a DTC.
Example:
When the electrical current is more than 10 A, or less than 0.5 A and the throttle actuator duty ratio
exceeds 80 %, the ECM interprets this as the current being outside the standard range, and illuminates
the MIL and sets a DTC.
If the malfunction is not repaired successfully, a DTC is set when the engine is quickly revved up to a
high rpm several times after the engine has idled for 5 seconds after engine start.
MONITOR STRATEGY
P2102: Throttle actuator current (low current)
Related DTCs
P2103: Throttle actuator current (high current)
Required Sensors/Components (Main) Throttle actuator (throttle body)
Required Sensors/Components (Related) None
Frequency of Operation Continuous
P2102 (Throttle actuator current (low current)): 2 seconds
Duration P2103 (Throttle actuator current (high current)): 25 times or 0.6
seconds
MIL Operation Immediate
Sequence of Operation None
TYPICAL ENABLING CONDITIONS
All:
Monitor runs whenever following DTCs are not present None