ES–381
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Evaporative Emission System Switching Valve
DTC P2420
Control Circuit High
DTC SUMMARY
Detection
DTC No. Monitoring Item DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area Detection Timing
Logic
• Pump module (0.02 inch
The following condition is met
orifice, vacuum pump, vent
during key-off EVAP monitor
Vent valve stuck valve)
P2420 • EVAP pressure change when Ignition switch off 2 trip
open (vent) • Connector / wire harness
vent valve is closed (ON) less
(Pump module - ECM)
than 2.3 mmHg
• ECM
DESCRIPTION
ES
The circuit description can be found in the EVAP (Evaporative Emission) System (See page ES-400).
INSPECTION PROCEDURE
Refer to the EVAP System (See page ES-400).
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
5 hours*1 after the ignition switch is turned off, the electric vacuum pump creates negative pressure
(vacuum) in the EVAP (Evaporative Emission) system. The ECM monitors for leaks and actuator
malfunctions based on the EVAP pressure.
HINT:
*1: If the engine coolant temperature is not below 35°C (95°F) 5 hours after the ignition switch is turned
off, the monitor check starts 2 hours later. If it is still not below 35°C (95°F) 7 hours after the ignition switch
is turned off, the monitor check starts 2.5 hours later.
Sequence Operations Descriptions Duration
Activated by soak timer, 5 hours (7 or 9.5 hours) after ignition switch
- ECM activation -
turned off.
Vent valve turned OFF (vent) and EVAP system pressure measured
Atmospheric pressure by ECM in order to register atmospheric pressure.
A 10 seconds
measurement If pressure in EVAP system is not between 70 kPa and 110 kPa (525
mmHg and 825 mmHg), ECM cancels EVAP system monitor.
In order to determine 0.02 inch leak pressure standard, vacuum pump
First 0.02 inch leak pressure
B creates negative pressure (vacuum) through 0.02 inch orifice and then 60 seconds
measurement
ECM checks if vacuum pump and vent valve operate normally.
Vent valve is turned ON (closed) to shut EVAP system.
Negative pressure (vacuum) is created in EVAP system, and then
EVAP system pressure EVAP system pressure is measured. Write down measured value as
C 15 minutes*2
measurement they will be used in leak check.
If EVAP pressure does not stabilize within 15 minutes, ECM cancels
EVAP system monitor.
Purge VSV is opened and then EVAP system pressure is measured
D Purge VSV monitor by ECM. 10 seconds
Large increase indicates normal.
After second 0.02 inch leak pressure measurement, leak check is
performed by comparing first and second 0.02 inch leak pressure
Second 0.02 inch leak pressure standards.
E 60 seconds
measurement If stabilized system pressure is higher than second 0.02 inch leak
pressure standard, ECM determines that there is a leak in EVAP
system.
Atmospheric pressure is measured and then monitoring result is
F Final check -
recorded by ECM.
*2: If only a small amount of fuel is in the fuel tank, it takes longer for the EVAP pressure to stabilize.