ES–269
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
1. KEY-OFF MONITOR
5 hours* after the engine switch is turned off, the electric vacuum pump creates negative pressure
(vacuum) in the EVAP (Evaporative Emission) system. The ECM monitors for leaks and actuator
malfunctions based on the EVAP pressure.
HINT:
*: If the engine coolant temperature is not below 35°C (95°F) 5 hours after the engine switch is turned
off, the monitor check starts 2 hours later. If it is still not below 35°C (95°F) 7 hours after the engine
switch is turned off, the monitor check starts 2.5 hours later.
Sequence Operation Description Duration
Activated by soak timer, 5 hours (7 or 9.5 hours) after
- ECM activation -
engine switch turned off.
Vent valve turned OFF (vent) and EVAP system
pressure measured by ECM in order to register
Atmospheric pressure atmospheric pressure.
A 10 seconds
measurement If pressure in EVAP system not between 70 kPa and
110 kPa (525 mmHg and 825 mmHg), ECM cancels ES
EVAP system monitor.
In order to determine 0.02 inch leak pressure standard,
First 0.02 inch leak pressure vacuum pump creates negative pressure (vacuum)
B 60 seconds
measurement through 0.02 inch orifice and then ECM checks if
vacuum pump and vent valve operate normally.
Vent valve turned ON (closed) to shut EVAP system.
Negative pressure (vacuum) created in EVAP system,
and EVAP system pressure then measured.
EVAP system pressure
C Write down measured value as they will be used in leak 15 seconds*
measurement
check.
If EVAP pressure does not stabilize within 15 minutes,
ECM cancels EVAP system monitor.
EVAP VSV opened and then EVAP system pressure
D EVAP VSV monitor measured by ECM. 10 seconds
Large increase indicates normal.
After second 0.02 inch leak pressure measurement,
leak check performed by comparing first and second
Second 0.02 inch leak pressure 0.02 inch leak pressure standards.
E 60 seconds
measurement If stabilized system pressure higher than second 0.02
inch leak pressure standard, ECM determines that
EVAP system leaking.
Atmospheric pressure measured and then monitoring
F Final check -
result recorded by ECM.
HINT:
*: If only a small amount of fuel is in the fuel tank, it takes longer for the EVAP pressure to stabilize.