ES–29
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
CHECKING MONITOR STATUS
The purpose of the monitor result (mode 06) is to allow
access to the results for on-board diagnostic monitoring tests
of specific components/systems that are not continuously
monitored. Examples are catalyst, evaporative emission
(EVAP) and thermostat.
The monitor result allows the OBD II scan tool to display the
monitor status, test value, minimum test limit and maximum
test limit. These data are displayed after the vehicle has been
driven to run the monitor.
When the test value is not between the minimum test limit
and maximum test limit, the ECM (PCM) interprets this as a
malfunction. When the component is not malfunctioning, if the
difference of the test value and test limit is very small, the
ES
component will malfunction in the near future.
Perform the following instructions to view the monitor status.
Although the Toyota diagnostic tester is used in the following
instructions, it can be checked using a generic OBD II scan
tool. Refer to your scan tool operator's manual for specific
procedures.
1. PERFORM MONITOR DRIVE PATTERN
The monitor results and test values can be checked with
the OBD II scan tool or the intelligent tester. The engine
control module (ECM) monitors the emissions-related
components such as the thermostat, catalyst converter
and evaporative emissions (EVAP), and determines
whether they are functioning normally or not. When
monitoring is finished, the ECM stores the monitor
results and the test values. The monitor result indicates
whether the component is functioning normally or not.
The test value is the value that was used to determine
the monitor result. If the test value is outside of the test
limit (malfunction criterion), the ECM determines the
component is malfunctioning. Some emissions-related
components have multiple test values to determine
monitor result. If one of these test values is outside of the
test limit, the ECM determines the component is
malfunctioning.
(a) Connect the intelligent tester to the DLC3.
(b) Start the engine and turn the tester on.
(c) Clear the DTCs.
(d) Run the vehicle in accordance with the applicable
drive pattern described in READINESS MONITOR
DRIVE PATTERN (See page ES-28). DO NOT turn
the engine switch off.
NOTICE:
The test results will be lost if the engine switch
is turned off.