ES–112
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Crankshaft Position - Camshaft Position Corre-
DTC P0016
lation (Bank 1 Sensor A)
Crankshaft Position - Camshaft Position Corre-
DTC P0017
lation (Bank 1 Sensor B)
Crankshaft Position - Camshaft Position Corre-
DTC P0018
lation (Bank 2 Sensor A)
Crankshaft Position - Camshaft Position Corre-
DTC P0019
lation (Bank 2 Sensor B)
ES
DESCRIPTION
In the VVT system, the appropriate intake and exhaust valve open and close timings are controlled by the
ECM. The ECM performs intake and exhaust valve control by performing the following: 1) controlling the
camshaft and camshaft oil control valve, and operating the camshaft timing gear; and 2) changing the
relative positions of the gaps between the camshaft and crankshaft.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
Deviation in crankshaft position sensor signal and VVT • Mechanical system (Timing chain has jumped teeth
P0016 sensor 1 (for intake camshaft (bank 1)) signal (2 trip or chain stretched)
detection logic) • ECM
Deviation in crankshaft position sensor signal and VVT • Mechanical system (Timing chain has jumped teeth
P0017 sensor 1 (for exhaust camshaft (bank 1)) signal (2 trip or chain stretched)
detection logic) • ECM
Deviation in crankshaft position sensor signal and VVT • Mechanical system (Timing chain has jumped teeth
P0018 sensor 2 (for intake camshaft (bank 2)) signal (2 trip or chain stretched)
detection logic) • ECM
Deviation in crankshaft position sensor signal and VVT • Mechanical system (Timing chain has jumped teeth
P0019 sensor 2 (for exhaust camshaft (bank 2)) signal (2 trip or chain stretched)
detection logic) • ECM
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
To monitor the correlation of the intake camshaft position and crankshaft position, the ECM checks the
VVT learning value while the engine is idling. The VVT learning value is calibrated based on the camshaft
position and crankshaft position. The intake valve timing is set to the most retarded angle while the engine
is idling. If the VVT learning value is out of the specified range in consecutive driving cycles, the ECM
illuminates the MIL and sets the DTC P0016 (Bank 1) or P0018 (Bank 2).
To monitor the correlation of the exhaust camshaft position and crankshaft position, the ECM checks the
VVT learning value while the engine is idling. The VVT learning value is calibrated based on the camshaft
position and crankshaft position. The exhaust valve timing is set to the most advanced angle while the
engine is idling. If the VVT learning value is out of the specified range in consecutive driving cycles, the
ECM illuminates the MIL and sets the DTC P0017 (Bank 1) or P0019 (Bank 2).
MONITOR STRATEGY
P0016: Camshaft timing misalignment at idle (intake camshaft bank 1)
P0017: Camshaft timing misalignment at idle (exhaust camshaft bank
1)
Related DTCs
P0018: Camshaft timing misalignment at idle (intake camshaft bank 2)
P0019: Camshaft timing misalignment at idle (exhaust camshaft bank
2)
Required sensors/components (Main) VVT actuator