ES–92
2GR-FE ENGINE CONTROL SYSTEM – SFI SYSTEM
Camshaft Position "A" - Timing Over-Advanced
DTC P0011
or System Performance (Bank 1)
Camshaft Position "A" - Timing Over-Retarded
DTC P0012
(Bank 1)
Camshaft Position "A" - Timing Over-Advanced
DTC P0021
or System Performance (Bank 2)
Camshaft Position "A" - Timing Over-Retarded
DTC P0022
(Bank 2)
ES
DESCRIPTION
The Variable Valve Timing (VVT) system includes the ECM, Oil Control Valve (OCV) and VVT controller.
The ECM sends a target duty-cycle control signal to the OCV. This control signal regulates the oil
pressure supplied to the VVT controller. Camshaft timing control is performed according to engine
operating conditions such as intake air volume, throttle valve position and engine coolant temperature.
The ECM controls the OCV, based on the signals transmitted by several sensors. The VVT controller
regulates the intake camshaft angle using oil pressure through the OCV. As a result, the relative positions
of the camshaft and crankshaft are optimized, the engine torque and fuel economy improve, and the
exhaust emissions decrease under overall driving conditions. The ECM detects the actual intake valve
timing using signals from the camshaft and crankshaft position sensors, and performs feedback control.
This is how the target intake valve timing is verified by the ECM.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
Advanced cam timing:
With warm engine and engine speed of between 500
rpm and 4,000 rpm, all conditions (1), (2) and (3) are
• Valve timing
met (1 trip detection logic):
• Oil Control valve (OCV) for intake camshaft (bank
1. Difference between target and actual intake valve
P0011 1)
timing is more than 5°CA (Crankshaft Angle) for 4.5
P0021 • OCV filter (bank 1)
seconds
• Intake camshaft (bank 1) timing gear assembly
2. Current intake valve timing is fixed (timing changes
• ECM
less than 5°CA in 5 seconds)
3. Variations in VVT controller timing is more than
19°CA of maximum delayed timing (advance)
Retarded cam timing:
With warm engine and engine speed of between 500
rpm and 4,000 rpm, all conditions (1), (2) and (3) are
met (2 trip detection logic): • Valve timing
1. Difference between target and actual intake valve • OCV for intake camshaft (bank 2)
P0012
timing is more than 5°CA (Crankshaft Angle) for 4.5 • OCV filter (bank 2)
P0022
seconds • Intake camshaft (bank 2) timing gear assembly
2. Current intake valve timing is fixed (timing changes • ECM
less than 5°CA in 5 seconds)
3. Variations in VVT controller timing is 19°CA or less of
maximum delayed timing (retarded)
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
1. The ECM optimizes the intake valve timing using the VVT (Variable Valve Timing) system to control the
intake camshaft. The VVT system includes the ECM, the Oil Control Valve (OCV) and the VVT
controller.