AC–10
AIR CONDITIONING – AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. GENERAL
The air conditioning system has the following controls:
Control Outline Manual A/C Automatic A/C
This control is capable of effecting complex control by artificially
simulating the information processing method of the nervous system
Neural Network Control - (cid:123)
of living organisms in order to establish a complex input / output
relationship that is similar to a human brain.
The A/C amplifier controls the damper positions (air inlet control
damper, air mix control damper and mode control damper) and blower
Manual Control speed in accordance with the positions of the switches (temperature (cid:123) -
control switch, blower switch, mode select switch and air inlet control
switch).
Based on the temperature set at the temperature control switch, the
neural network control calculates the outlet air temperature based on - (cid:123)
the input signals from various sensors.
The temperature setting for the driver and front passenger are
Outlet Air Temp. Control
controlled independently in order to provide a separate vehicle interior
temperatures for the right and left side of the cabin. Thus, air - (cid:123)
conditioning that accommodates the occupants' preferences has been
realized.
Controls the blower motor in accordance with the airflow volume that
Blower Control has been calculated by the neural network control based on the input - (cid:123)
signals from various sensors.
Automatically switches the air outlets in accordance with the outlet
mode that has been calculated by the neural network control based on - (cid:123)
the input signals from various sensors.
In accordance with the engine coolant temperature, outside air
Air Outlet Control
temperature, amount of sunlight, required blower, outlet temperature,
AC and vehicle speed conditions, this control automatically switches the - (cid:123)
blower outlet to the FOOT / DEF mode to prevent the windows from
becoming fogged when the outside air temperature is low.
Automatically controls the air inlet control damper to achieve the
- (cid:123)
calculated required outlet air temperature.
Air Inlet Control Drives the servo motor (for air inlet) according to the operation of the
air inlet control switch and moves the dampers to the FRESH or - (cid:123)
RECIRC position.
Through the calculation of the target evaporator temperature based on
various sensor signals, the A/C amplifier optimally controls the
(cid:123) (cid:123)
discharge capacity by regulating the opening extent of the A/C
compressor solenoid valve.
Compressor Control The A/C amplifier compares the A/C pulley speed signals, which are
transmitted by the lock sensor located on the A/C compressor, with
the engine speed signals, which are transmitted by the ECM (cid:123) (cid:123)
(crankshaft position sensor). When the A/C amplifier determines that
the A/C pulley is locked, it turns off the magnetic clutch. (for 2GR-FE)
When the temperature control switch is in the MAX A/C position, the
A/C amplifier turns the compressor on and activates the servomotor
MAX A/C Control (cid:123) -
(air inlet) to set the air inlet control damper to the RECIRC position,
improving the cooling efficiency.
Switches the rear defogger and outside rear view mirror heaters on for
Rear Window Defogger
15 minutes when the rear defogger button is pressed. Switches them (cid:123) (cid:123)
Control
off if the button is pressed while they are operating.
Calculates the outside temperature using signals transmitted by the
Outside Temperature
outside temperature sensor. Calculated values are corrected by the A/ (cid:123) (cid:123)
Indication Control
C amplifier and then indicated on the multi-information display.
A DTC (Diagnostic Trouble Code) is stored in the memory when the A/
Self-Diagnosis (cid:123) (cid:123)
C amplifier detects a problem with the air conditioning system.