AC–21
AIR CONDITIONING – AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM
(6) The internal valve is provided on models with
2AZ-FE to improve the A/C compressor
durability under the high speed and large
thermal load conditions. The internal valve is
integrated into the solenoid valve.
(b) Solenoid Valve Operation
(1) The crank chamber is connected to the
discharge passage. A solenoid valve is provided
between the discharge passage (LO pressure)
and the discharge passage (HI pressure).
(2) The solenoid valve operates under duty cycle
control in accordance with the signals from A/C
amplifier.
(3) When the solenoid valve closes (solenoid coil is
energized), a difference in pressure is created
and the pressure in the crank chamber
decreases. Then, the pressure that is applied to
the right side of the piston becomes greater than
the pressure that is applied to the left side of the
piston. This compresses the spring and tilts the
swash plate. As a result, the piston stroke
increases and the discharge capacity increases.
(4) When the solenoid valve opens (solenoid coil is
not energized), the difference in pressure
disappears. Then, the pressure that is applied to
the left side of the piston becomes the same as
the pressure that is applied to the right side of
AC
the piston. Thus, the spring elongates and
eliminates the tilt of the swash plate. As a result,
there is no piston stroke and the discharge
capacity is reduced.
(c) Internal Valve Operation (for 2AZ-FE)
(1) The internal valve operates when the A/C
compressor speed has increased rapidly, the A/
C compressor speed is high, or when thermal
load has suddenly changed. As a result, the A/C
compressor capacity is reduced, increasing the
durability of the A/C compressor.
(d) DL type A/C Pulley (for 2AZ-FE)
(1) This pulley contains a damper to absorb the
torque fluctuations of the engine and a limiter
mechanism to protect the drive belt in case the
compressor locks. In the event that the
compressor locks, the limiter mechanism causes
the spoke portion of the pulley to break, thus
separating the pulley from the compressor.
10. LOCK SENSOR (for 2GR-FE)
The lock sensor sends A/C pulley speed signals to the A/
C amplifier. The A/C amplifier determines whether the
magnetic clutch is locked or not by using those signals
and engine speed signals.