AV–21
AUDIO / VISUAL – AUDIO AND VISUAL SYSTEM
6. CHECK DTC
HINT:
Illustrations may differ from the actual vehicle depending
on the device settings and options. Therefore, some
detailed areas may not be shown exactly the same as on
the actual vehicle.
(a) Reference:
In the system check mode, the system check and
the diagnostic memory check are performed, and
the check results are displayed in ascending order
of the component codes (physical address).
Terms Meaning
Component code Three-digit code (in hexadecimal) given to each device comprising AVC-LAN. Corresponding
(Physical address) to its function, individual symbol is provided.
Two-digit code (in hexadecimal) given to each function and device unit in each device
Logical address
comprising AVC-LAN.
(b) Service check result display
Display Previous term Meaning Action to be taken
No DTCs are detected in both "System Check Mode" and "Diagnostic
good Good (normal) -
Memory Mode".
Check the power source
circuit and the
The system recognized the component when it was registered, but the communication circuit of
nCon No connection
component gives no response to the "Diagnostic Mode ON Request". the component indicated
by the component code
(physical address).
Go to the detailed
One or more DTCs for "Exchange" are detected in either "System information mode to check
ECHn Exchange
Check Mode" or "Diagnostic Memory Mode". the trouble area referring
to the DTC list.
Go to the detailed
When no DTCs are detected for "Exchange", one or more DTCs for
information mode to check
CHEC Check "Check" are detected in either "System Check Mode" or "Diagnostic
the trouble area referring
Memory Mode".
to the DTC list.
Old DTC application is identified and DTC is detected in either
OLd Old version -
"System Check Mode" or "Diagnostic Memory Mode".
Check the power source
circuit and the
The device gives no response to any one of "System Check Mode ON
communication circuit of
nrES No response Request", "System Check Result Request", and "Diagnostic Memory
the component indicated
Request".
by the component code
(physical address).
(c) Device name and physical address
Physical address No. Name
190 Radio receiver
440 Stereo component amplifier
AV
19D "Bluetooth" handsfree module
(d) Service check mode
(1) Press the "SEEK TRACK" switch to see the
check result of each component.
(2) The component code (physical address) is
displayed first, and then the check result follows.
HINT:
• If all check results are "good", the system
judges that no DTC exists.