AV–6
AUDIO / VISUAL – AUDIO AND VISUAL SYSTEM
(c) ID3 tag and WMA tag
(1) Additional textual information called ID3 tag can
be input to MP3 files. Information such as song
titles and artist names can be stored.
HINT:
This player is compatible with the ID3 tags of ID3
Ver. 1.0 and 1.1, and ID3 Ver. 2.2 and 2.3.
(Number of characters complies with ID3 Ver.
1.0 and 1.1.)
(2) Additional textual information called WMA tag
can be input to WMA files. Information such as
song titles and artist names can be stored.
(d) Usable media
(1) Only CD-ROMs, CD-Rs (CD-Recordable), and
CD-RWs (CD-ReWritable) can be used to play
MP3/WMA files.
NOTICE:
• CD-Rs and CD-RWs are more easily
affected by a hot and humid environment
than discs used for normal audio CDs. For
this reason, some CD-Rs and CD-RWs
may not be played.
• If there are fingerprints or scratches on
the disc, the disc may not be played or the
CD may skip.
• Some CD-Rs and CD-RWs deteriorate if
they are left in the cabin for a long time.
• Keep CD-Rs and CD-RWs in a storage
case that is impenetrable to light.
(e) Usable media format
(1) Usable media format
Disc format CD-ROM Mode 1, CD-ROM XA Mode 2 Form1
File format ISO9660 Level 1 and Level 2 (Joliet, Romeo)
HINT:
• As for MP3/WMA files written in any format
other than those above, the contents of the
files may not be played normally or the file
names or folder names may not be displayed
correctly.
• This player is compatible with multi-session
discs and can play CD-Rs and CD-RWs on
which MP3/WMA files are added. However,
only the first session can be played.
AV • Discs whose first session includes both music
data and MP3 or WMA format data cannot be
played.
(2) Standard and restrictions
Maximum directory levels 8 levels
Maximum number of characters for a folder name/file name 32 characters
192 (Including empty folders, route folders, and folders that do not
Maximum number of folders
contain MP3/WMA files)
Maximum number of files in a disc 255 (Including non-MP3/WMA files)