AV–32
AUDIO / VISUAL – AUDIO AND VISUAL SYSTEM
DTC 01-D5 Absence of Registration Unit
DTC 01-D8 No Response for Connection Check
DTC 01-D9 Last Mode Error
DTC 01-DA No Response Against ON / OFF Command
DTC 01-DB Mode Status Error
DTC 01-DE Slave Reset
DESCRIPTION
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
A device that the sub-code shows is (was)
disconnected from the system when turning the ignition
01-D5
switch on (ACC or IG).
*1, *3
The communication condition with the device that the
code shows cannot be obtained when the engine starts.
01-D8 The device indicated by the sub-code is (was)
*2, *3 disconnected from the system after the engine starts. • Power source circuit of the component shown by
The device that had functioned before the engine the sub-code
01-D9 stopped is (was) disconnected from the system when • AVC-LAN circuit between the radio receiver and the
*1, *3 turning the ignition switch is on (ACC or IG). component shown by the sub-code
• Component shown by the sub-code
01-DA No response is identified when changing mode.
*3 Sound and image do not change by switch operation.
01-DB
A dual alarm is detected.
*1, *3
01-DE A slave device has been disconnected after the engine
*3, *4 starts
HINT:
• *1: Even if no fault is present, this trouble code may be stored depending on the battery condition or
engine start voltage.
• *2: If the power connector is disconnected after the engine starts, this code is stored after 180 seconds.
• *3: If the device is reported as not existing during verification, check the power source circuit and AVC-
LAN circuit for the device.
• *4: This code may be stored if the engine is started and the ignition switch is turned to the START
position again. (Key type ignition switch only)
NOTICE:
• Before starting troubleshooting, be sure to clear DTCs to erase codes stored due to the
reasons described in the HINT above. Then, check for DTCs and troubleshoot according to the
output DTCs.
AV
• The radio receiver is the master unit.
• Be sure to clear and recheck DTCs after the inspection is completed to confirm that no DTCs
are output.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE
NOTICE:
Be sure to read DESCRIPTION before performing the following procedures.