BC–272
BRAKE CONTROL – VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL SYSTEM (for BOSCH Made)
VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL
SYSTEM (for BOSCH Made)
PRECAUTION
1. EXPRESSIONS OF IGNITION SWITCH
The type of ignition switch used on this model differs
according to the specifications of the vehicle.
The expressions listed in the table below are used in this
section.
Switch Type
Expression
Ignition Switch (Position) Engine Switch (Condition)
Ignition switch off LOCK off
Ignition switch on (IG) ON on (IG)
Ignition switch on (ACC) ACC on (ACC)
Engine start START start
BC
2. TROUBLESHOOTING PRECAUTION
(a) When there is a malfunction in the contact point of
the terminals or installation problems with parts, the
removal and installation of the suspected problem
parts may return the system to the normal condition
either completely or temporarily.
(b) In order to determine the malfunctioning area, be
sure to check the conditions at the time the
malfunction occurred, such as by DTC output and
freeze frame data output, and record it before
disconnecting each connector or removing and
installing parts.
(c) Since the vehicle stability control system may be
influenced by a malfunction in the other systems, be
sure to check for DTCs in the other systems.
(d) Be sure to remove and install the brake actuator
assembly and each sensor with the ignition switch
off unless specified in the inspection procedure.
(e) If the brake actuator or a sensor has been removed
and installed, it is necessary to check the system for
problems after the parts have been reassembled.
Check for DTCs using the intelligent tester, also
check that system functions and signals received by
the ECU are normal using test mode.
3. CAN COMMUNICATION SYSTEM PRECAUTION
(a) The CAN communication system is used for data
communication between the skid control ECU, the
steering angle sensor, and the yaw rate and
acceleration sensor. If there is trouble in the CAN
communication line, a DTC of the communication
line is output.
(b) If a DTC of the CAN communication line is output,
repair the malfunction in the communication line and
troubleshoot the vehicle stability control system
under the condition that data communication is
normal.