BC–100
BRAKE CONTROL – VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL SYSTEM (for ADVICS Made)
VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL
SYSTEM (for ADVICS Made)
PRECAUTION
1. EXPRESSIONS OF IGNITION SWITCH
The type of ignition switch used on this model differs
according to the specifications of the vehicle.
The expressions listed in the table below are used in this
section.
Switch Type
Expression
Ignition Switch (Position) Engine Switch (Condition)
Ignition switch off LOCK off
Ignition switch on (IG) ON on (IG)
Ignition switch on (ACC) ACC on (ACC)
Engine start START start
BC
2. TROUBLESHOOTING PRECAUTIONS
(a) When there is a malfunction with terminal contact
points or part installation problems, removal and
installation of the suspected problem parts may
return the system to the normal condition either
completely or temporarily.
(b) In order to determine the malfunctioning area, be
sure to check the conditions at the time the
malfunction occurred, such as DTC output and the
Freeze Frame Data, and record it before
disconnecting each connector or removing and
installing parts.
(c) Since the system may be influenced by
malfunctions in systems other than the brake control
system, be sure to check for DTCs in other systems.
3. HANDLING PRECAUTIONS
(a) Do not remove or install VSC parts such as the
steering angle sensor or yaw rate sensor
(acceleration sensor included) except when
required, as they cannot be adjusted correctly after
removal or installation.
(b) Be sure to perform preparation before work and
confirmation after work is completed by following
the direction in the repair manual when working on
the VSC system.
(c) Be sure to remove and install the ECU, actuator,
each sensor, etc. with the ignition switch off unless it
is not specified in the inspection procedure.
(d) If the ECU, brake actuator, or a sensor has been
removed and installed, it is necessary to check the
system for problems after the parts have been
reassembled. Check for DTCs using the intelligent
tester, also check that system functions and signals
received by the ECU are normal using Test Mode.