BC–227
BRAKE CONTROL – VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL SYSTEM (for ADVICS Made)
DTC C1290/66 Steering Angle Sensor Zero Point Malfunction
DESCRIPTION
The skid control ECU acquires steering angle sensor zero point every time the ignition switch is turned on
(IG) and the vehicle is driven at 22 mph (35 km/h) or more for approximately 5 seconds. The ECU also
stores the previous zero point.
If front wheel alignment or steering wheel position is adjusted without disconnecting the negative battery
terminal, or if yaw rate and acceleration sensor zero point is not acquired after the adjustments have been
completed, the skid control ECU detects the difference between the previous zero point and newly
acquired zero point and outputs this DTC to indicate a poor adjustment.
Warning of the steering angle sensor zero point malfunction will be cancelled by turning the ignition switch
off.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
• Yaw rate and acceleration sensor zero point
calibration incomplete
The steering angle sensor zero point calibration position
C1290/66 • Poor adjustment of the centered position of the
vastly differs from the recorded value
steering wheel
• Poor adjustment of front wheel alignment BC
INSPECTION PROCEDURE
NOTICE:
When replacing the brake actuator assembly, perform zero point calibration (See page BC-119).
1 PERFORM ZERO POINT CALIBRATION OF YAW RATE AND ACCELERATION SENSOR
(a) Perform zero point calibration of the yaw rate and
acceleration sensor (See page BC-119).
HINT:
• When the stored zero point of the yaw rate and
acceleration sensor is erased, steering angle sensor
zero point will also be erased.
• If the zero point and output value of the yaw rate and
acceleration sensor and the output value of the speed
sensors are not normal, steering angle sensor zero
point cannot be acquired normally even if the vehicle
is driven straight ahead at 22 mph (35 km/h) or more.
NEXT
2 CHECK STEERING ANGLE SENSOR ZERO POINT CALIBRATION
(a) Drive the vehicle straight ahead at 22 mph (35 km/h) or
more for at least 5 seconds.
(b) Check that the centered position of the steering wheel is
correctly set while driving straight ahead.
HINT:
If front wheel alignment and steering position are
adjusted as a result of abnormal centered position of the
steering wheel, acquire yaw rate and acceleration
sensor zero point again after the adjustments are
completed.