BC–287
BRAKE CONTROL – VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL SYSTEM (for BOSCH Made)
(1) Operation description
The skid control ECU determines the vehicle
operating conditions based on signals received
from the wheel speed sensors, yaw rate and
acceleration sensor, and steering angle sensor.
The skid control ECU sends signals via CAN
communication to the ECM in order to control
engine torque. The skid control ECU controls
brake hydraulic pressure using the pump and
solenoid valves.
The SLIP indicator light will blink, and the skid
control system buzzer will sound when the
system is operating. If a malfunction occurs in
the VSC system, both the master caution
indicator light and the SLIP indicator light will
come on. In addition to this, the DTC will appear
on the multi-information display. Vehicles without
a multi-information display will illuminate the
VSC warning light and SLIP indicator light if a BC
malfunction occurs.
3. ABS with EBD, BA, TRAC and VSC OPERATION
(a) The skid control ECU calculates vehicle stability
tendency based on the signals from the speed
sensor, yaw rate and acceleration sensor, and
steering angle sensor. In addition, it evaluates the
results of the calculations to determine whether any
control actions (control of the engine output torque
by electronic throttle control and of the wheel brake
pressure by the brake actuator assembly) should be
implemented.
(b) The SLIP indicator blinks and the skid control
buzzer sounds to inform the driver that the VSC
system is operating. The SLIP indicator also blinks
when traction control is operating, and the operation
being performed is displayed.
4. FAIL SAFE
(a) When a failure occurs in the ABS with BA, TRAC
and VSC systems, the ABS and VSC warning (with
multi-information display) lights, and SLIP indicator
light come on and ABS with BA, TRAC and VSC
operations are prohibited. In addition, when there is
a failure that disables the EBD operation, the
BRAKE warning light also comes on and the EBD
operation is prohibited.
(b) If control is prohibited due to a malfunction during
operation, control will be disabled gradually. This is
to avoid sudden vehicle instability.