BC–10
BRAKE CONTROL – ANTI-LOCK BRAKE SYSTEM
Operation description
The skid control ECU receives a speed signal from
each wheel speed sensor, and uses these signals to
detect locking of the wheels. The ECU uses this
information in order to determine appropriate control
of the solenoid valves. The solenoid valves control
the hydraulic pressure applied to the brake cylinder
at each wheel. In this way, the solenoid valves are
used to control the brake power split between the
front and rear, and left and right wheels. The ABS
and BRAKE warning lights come on if there is a
malfunction in the EBD system.
2. ABS with EBD OPERATION
(a) Based on the signals received from the 4 wheel
speed sensors, the skid control ECU calculates the
deceleration and speed of each wheel, while
monitoring for wheel lock. If wheel lock is occurring,
the ECU controls the solenoid valves in the brake
BC
actuator in order to adjust the hydraulic pressure
applied to the brakes at each wheel.
3. FAIL SAFE FUNCTION
(a) When a failure occurs in the anti-lock brake system,
the ABS warning light comes on and operation is
prohibited. In addition, when a failure which disables
EBD operation occurs, the brake warning light also
comes on and operation is prohibited (See page
BC-24).
4. INITIAL CHECK
(a) When the vehicle speed first becomes
approximately 4 mph (6 km/h) or more after the
ignition switch is turned on (IG), each solenoid valve
and motor of the brake actuator is sequentially
activated to perform an electrical check. During the
initial check, the operating sound of solenoid valve
and motor can be heard from the engine
compartment, but this is not a malfunction.
5. FUNCTION OF COMPONENTS
Components Function
• Composed of the holding solenoid valve, pressure reduction
solenoid valve, pump motor, reservoir, etc., and adjusts the
Brake actuator assembly
hydraulic pressure applied to each wheel cylinder.
• Houses the skid control ECU.
Skid control ECU Processes the signals sent from each sensor to control ABS and EBD.
Detects speed of each wheel and inputs the data into the skid control
Speed sensor
ECU.
Master cylinder Generates pressure according to pedal effort.
Illuminates the stop light when the brake pedal is depressed. (Sends a
Stop light switch
brake on signal to the skid control ECU)
• Supplies power to each solenoid.
Solenoid relay
• Housed in the skid control ECU.
• Supplies power to the pump motor.
Motor relay
• Housed in the skid control ECU.
• Comes on to inform the driver that a malfunction in the ABS and
ABS warning light EBD has occurred.
• Blinks to output DTC.