BR–28
BRAKE – BRAKE MASTER CYLINDER
REMOVAL
NOTICE:
• The structure of the master cylinder allows the piston
to pop out, so observe the following:
(a) for TMC made:
(1)The master cylinder requires careful handling.
Do not allow the master cylinder to receive any
impact, such as from being dropped. Do not
reuse a master cylinder that has been dropped.
(2)Do not scratch or damage the circumference of
the piston. For the seal to function correctly, all
sliding surfaces must not have any damage.
(3)Do not pull out the master cylinder piston.
(4)Make sure to release the vacuum from the brake
booster (by removing a vacuum hose, etc.)
before removing the master cylinder from the
brake booster.
(5)When installing the master cylinder, remove the
protectors for the piston and the discharge port.
BR (6)Apply the supplied grease to the outer diameter
of the piston and the inner diameter of the brake
booster.
(b) for TMMK made:
(1)Do not hold the master cylinder by the piston.
(Hold the master cylinder by its body or its
reservoir while transporting it.)
(2)Do not pull out the master cylinder piston.
(3)Do not strike or pinch the master cylinder piston,
and do not cause any damage to the master
cylinder piston by any other means.
(4)Make sure to release the vacuum from the brake
booster before removing the master cylinder
from the brake booster.
(5)When installing the master cylinder to the brake
booster, or when removing the master cylinder
from the brake booster, make sure that the
master cylinder is kept horizontal or its tip faces
downward (the piston faces upward) to prevent
the master cylinder piston from falling off.
(6)Do not allow any foreign objects to contaminate
the master cylinder piston. If a foreign object
gets on the piston, remove it by using a shop rag
or a piece of cloth and then apply an even layer
of lithium soap based glycol grease around the
circumference (sliding part) of the piston
(7)Do not use any other type of grease.
1. DRAIN BRAKE FLUID
NOTICE:
• Stop the engine and depress the brake pedal
several times until no vacuum is left in the brake
booster.
• If the brake fluid leaks onto any painted surface,
wash off or remove the brake fluid completely.