BC–20
BRAKE CONTROL – ANTI-LOCK BRAKE SYSTEM
PROBLEM SYMPTOMS TABLE
If a normal code is displayed during the DTC check but the
problem still occurs, check the circuits for each problem
symptom in the order given in the table below and proceed to
the relevant troubleshooting page.
NOTICE:
When replacing the skid control ECU, sensor, etc., turn
the ignition switch off.
HINT:
• Inspect the fuses and relays before investigating the
suspected areas as shown in the table below.
• Inspect each malfunction circuit in numerical order for the
corresponding symptoms.
ANTI-LOCK BRAKE SYSTEM:
Symptom Suspected area See page
1. Check the DTC reconfirming that the normal system code is BC-21
output
BC 2. IG power source circuit BC-63
3. Front speed sensor circuit BC-30
4. Rear speed sensor circuit BC-38
5. Check the brake actuator assembly with the intelligent tester BR-42
ABS does not operate
(Check brake actuator assembly operation using the active
test function) If abnormal, check the hydraulic circuit for
leakage
6. If the symptoms still occur even after the above circuits in BC-432
suspected areas have been inspected and proved to be
normal, replace the brake actuator assembly (skid control
ECU)
1. Check the DTC reconfirming that the normal system code is BC-21
output.
2. Front speed sensor circuit BC-30
3. Rear speed sensor circuit BC-38
4. Stop light switch circuit BC-67
ABS does not operate efficiently 5. Check the brake actuator assembly with the intelligent tester BR-42
(Check brake actuator assembly operation using the active
test function)
6. If the symptoms still occur even after the above circuits in BC-432
suspected areas have been inspected and proved to be
normal, replace the brake actuator assembly (skid control
ECU)
1. ABS warning light circuit BC-74
ABS warning light malfunction (Remains on)
2. Brake actuator assembly (skid control ECU) BC-432
ABS warning light malfunction (Does not come on) 1. ABS warning light circuit BC-78
1. Brake warning light circuit BC-81
Brake warning light malfunction (Remains on)
2. Brake actuator assembly (skid control ECU) BC-432
1. Brake warning light circuit BC-91
Brake warning light malfunction (Does not come on)
2. Brake actuator assembly (skid control ECU) BC-432
1. Check the DTC again and make sure that the normal BC-21
system code is output
2. TS and CG terminal circuit BC-97
ABS sensor DTC check cannot be done 3. TC and CG terminal circuit BC-94
4. If the symptoms still occur even after the above circuits in BC-432
suspected areas have been inspected and proved to be
normal, replace the brake actuator assembly (skid control
ECU)