BC–115
BRAKE CONTROL – VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL SYSTEM (for ADVICS Made)
(1) Operation description
The skid control ECU determines the vehicle
operating conditions based on signals received
from the wheel speed sensors, yaw rate and
acceleration sensor, and steering angle sensor.
The skid control ECU sends signals via CAN
communication to the ECM in order to control
engine torque. The skid control ECU controls
brake hydraulic pressure using the pump and
solenoid valves.
The SLIP indicator light will blink, and the skid
control buzzer will sound when the system is
operating. If a malfunction occurs in the VSC
system, both the VSC warning light (models
without multi information display) and the SLIP
indicator light will come on. In addition, the DTC
will appear on the multi information display
(models with multi information display).
BC
2. ABS with EBD, BA, TRAC and VSC OPERATION
(a) The skid control ECU calculates vehicle stability
tendency based on the signals from the speed
sensor, yaw rate and acceleration sensor, and
steering angle sensor. In addition, it evaluates the
results of the calculations to determine whether any
control actions (control of the engine output torque
by electronic throttle control and of the wheel brake
pressure by the brake actuator assembly) should be
implemented.
(b) The SLIP indicator blinks and the skid control
buzzer sounds to inform the driver that the VSC
system is operating. The SLIP indicator also blinks
when traction control is operating, and the operation
being performed is displayed.
3. FAIL SAFE
(a) When a failure occurs in the ABS with BA, TRAC
and VSC systems, the ABS warning, VSC warning
(models without multi information display), and SLIP
indicator lights come on or the DTC will be
displayed on the multi information display (models
with multi information display) and ABS with BA,
TRAC and VSC operations are prohibited. In
addition, when there is a failure that disables the
EBD operation, the BRAKE warning light also
comes on and the EBD operation is prohibited.
(b) If control is prohibited due to a malfunction during
operation, control will be disabled gradually.
This is to avoid sudden vehicle instability.