BC–116
BRAKE CONTROL – VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL SYSTEM (for ADVICS Made)
4. INITIAL CHECK
(a) When the vehicle speed first becomes
approximately 4 mph (6 km/h) or more after the
ignition switch is turned on (IG), each solenoid valve
and motor of the brake actuator is sequentially
activated to perform an electrical check. During the
initial check, the operating sound of solenoid valve
and motor can be heard from the engine
compartment, but this is not a malfunction.
5. INSPECTION MODE
(a) VSC operation can be disabled by operating the
intelligent tester.
HINT:
Refer to the intelligent tester operator's manual for
further details.
6. FUNCTION OF COMPONENTS
Components Function
BC Speed sensor Detects the wheel speed and sends the signal to the skid control ECU.
• Processes the signals sent from each sensor to control the ABS, BA, TRAC,
and VSC.
Skid control ECU
• Sends and receives the control signals to or from the ECM, yaw rate and
(housed in brake actuator assembly)
acceleration sensor, and steering angle sensor, etc. via CAN
communication.
• Consists of the master cylinder cut solenoid valve, retention solenoid valve,
pressure reduction solenoid valve, pump motor, and reservoir, and adjusts
Brake actuator assembly
the brake fluid pressure applied to each wheel cylinder.
• Houses the skid control ECU.
• Supplies power to each solenoid.
Solenoid relay
• Housed in the skid control ECU.
Motor relay (VSC NO. 2 relay) Supplies power to the pump motor.
Fail safe relay (VSC NO. 1 relay) Cuts off power to the motor when the pump motor circuit malfunctions.
• Installed in the combination switch.
• Detects the steering amount and direction and sends the signals to the skid
control ECU via CAN communication.
Steering angle sensor
• Has the magnetic resistance element which detects the rotation of the
magnet housed in the detection gear in order to detect the changes of
magnetic resistance and the steering amount and direction.
• Acceleration sensor measures the capacity of the condenser that changes
the distance between the electrodes depending on G force, which occurs
when the vehicle is accelerated, and converts the measured value into
electrical signals.
Yaw rate and acceleration sensor
• Yaw rate sensor detects the vehicle's angular velocity (yaw rate) in the
vertical direction based on the amount and direction of the piezoelectric
ceramics deflection.
• Sends signals to the skid control ECU via CAN communication.
• Detects the fluid pressure in the master cylinder.
Master cylinder pressure sensor
• Housed in the brake actuator assembly.
Detects the brake operating conditions and inputs the results to the skid control
Stop light switch
ECU.
Controls the engine output when TRAC and VSC are operating with the skid
ECM
control ECU via CAN communication.
Skid control buzzer Intermittently sounds to inform the driver that the VSC is operating.
• Comes on to inform the driver that a malfunction in the ABS or BA has
ABS warning light occurred.
• Blinks to output DTC.
• Comes on to inform the driver that the parking brake is ON when the system
BRAKE warning light is normal, or the brake fluid has decreased.
• Comes on to inform the driver that a malfunction in the EBD has occurred.