CC–5
CRUISE CONTROL – CRUISE CONTROL SYSTEM
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. CRUISE CONTROL SYSTEM
This system is controlled by the ECM, and is activated by
the throttle position sensor and motor. The ECM controls
the following functions: ON-OFF, - (COAST)/SET, +
(ACCEL)/RES (RESUME), CANCEL, vehicle speed
operation, motor output control, and overdrive control.
• The ECM compares the driving vehicle speed from
the speed sensor with the stored vehicle speed set
through the cruise control main switch. The ECM
instructs the throttle valve motor of the throttle body
assembly to close the valve when the driving speed is
greater than the stored speed, and instructs it to open
the valve when the driving speed is less than the
stored speed.
• The ECM receives signals such as ON-OFF, -
(COAST)/SET, + (ACCEL)/RES (RESUME), and
CANCEL from the cruise control main switch and
executes the command.
• The ECM illuminates the combination meter's
CRUISE main indicator light when it receives a cruise
control main switch ON signal.
• The ECM cancels the cruise control system when the
brake pedal is depressed and the ECM receives a
stop light switch signal.
• The ECM cancels the cruise control system when the
shift lever is moved from the D to the N position or the
transmission is shifted to the 3rd, 2nd, or 1st gear with
the shift lever in the S position, and the ECM receives
a park/neutral position switch signal.
• The ECM cancels the cruise control system when the
clutch pedal is depressed and the ECM receives a
clutch switch signal.
2. LIMIT CONTROL
(a) Low speed limit
CC
The lowest possible limit of the speed setting range
is set at approximately 40 km/h (25 mph). The
cruise control system cannot be set when the
driving vehicle speed is below the low speed limit.
Cruise control operation will be automatically
canceled but the stored vehicle speed will be
retained when the vehicle speed drops below the
low speed limit 40 km/h (25 mph) while the cruise
control is in operation.
(b) High speed limit
The highest possible limit of the speed setting range
is set at approximately 200 km/h (125 mph). The
cruise control system cannot be set when the
driving vehicle speed is over the high speed limit.
Also, + (ACCEL)/RES (RESUME) cannot be used to
increase speed beyond the high speed limit.