DL–5
DOOR LOCK – POWER DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. POWER DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM
DESCRIPTION
(a) The power door lock system locks/unlocks all the
doors.
The master switch and the door control switch on
the passenger door send "lock/unlock" request
signals to the main body ECU. Then, the main body
ECU sends these request signals to the lock motors
in each door to lock/unlock all the doors at once in
response to the inputs.
Operating the driver's door lock using a mechanical
key sends request signals to lock/unlock the doors
to the main body ECU via the master switch. "2-step
unlock function" is optional for unlocking procedures
of the key-linked lock for the driver side door.
2. FUNCTION OF MAIN COMPONENT
Components Function
Door control switch on master switch assembly locks/unlocks all
Multiplex network master switch assembly (Manual door lock switch)
doors.
Door control switch Door control switch on passenger side door locks/unlocks all doors.
Placed on each door. Detects door status (open or closed) and
Door courtesy switch outputs data to main body ECU. Turns on when door is open and turns
off when door is closed.
• Built-in motor locks/unlocks door.
• Built-in door control switch (key-linked) detects door key
operation's door status (locked or unlocked) and outputs data to
Driver side door lock main body ECU.
• Built-in position switch detects door status (locked or unlocked)
and outputs data to main body ECU. This switch turns off when
door is locked and turns on when door is unlocked.
• Built-in motor locks/unlocks door.
Front passenger side door lock, luggage compartment door lock, rear • Built-in position switch detects door status (locked or unlocked)
LH and RH door locks and outputs data to main body ECU. This switch turns off when
door is locked and turns on when door is unlocked.
3. SYSTEM FUNCTION
HINT:
The following functions' default settings are ON. Some of
these functions can be customized (See page DL-10).
(a) This system is controlled by the main body ECU.
The main body ECU outputs signals to each door
lock motor. The door lock control system of the DL
CAMRY has the following functions:
Function Outline
This function can lock or unlock all doors by the door lock control
Manual lock and unlock function
switch operation.
This function, which is linked with the key cylinder, can lock or unlock
Key-linked lock and unlock function
all the doors when a lock or unlock operation is effected.
Performing the door lock operation with an electrical key (*1) or a
Manual unlock prohibition function mechanical key (transmitter) will prohibit the unlock operation by the
door lock control switch.
If a each door lock (*1) or driver's door lock (*2) operation is
Key lock-in prevention function (Electrical key) performed when the electrical key (*1) or mechanical key is in the
cabin (*1) or ignition key cylinder (*2), all the doors will be unlocked.