DL–96
DOOR LOCK – WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM
The wireless door lock control system functions to lock
and unlock all the doors from a distance. The system is
controlled by a hand-held transmitter which sends radio
waves to the door control receiver. The main body ECU
performs an ID code identification process and engages
the door lock control.
2. FUNCTION OF MAIN COMPONENTS
Component Function
• Has LOCK, UNLOCK, LUGGAGE OPEN, and PANIC switches.
• Transmits weak radio waves (recognition codes and function codes) to the door control
Door control transmitter
receiver.
• Illuminates the indicator light (LED) during transmission.
Receives weak radio waves (recognition codes and function codes) and outputs them as
Door control receiver
code data to the main body ECU.
• Front door courtesy light switch
• Rear door courtesy light switch Turns on when a door is opened and turns off when it is closed. Outputs door status codes
• Luggage compartment door courtesy light (open or closed) to the main body ECU.
switch
Unlock warning switch Detects if the key is inserted in the ignition key cylinder or not.
Door lock position switch Transmits the door lock positions of each door to the main body ECU.
Emits beep (answer back) when doors are locked or unlocked, or luggage compartment
Wireless door lock buzzer
door is opened by wireless operation.
Sends wireless door lock control signals in response to the code data from the door control
Main body ECU
receiver and signals from each switch.
3. SYSTEM FUNCTION
The door control transmitter has the LOCK, UNLOCK,
LUGGAGE OPEN, and PANIC switches. Operating
these switches activates each function.
The wireless door lock control system has the following
functions:
HINT:
The default settings of the following functions are ON.
Part of these functions can be customized (See page
DL-103).
Function Operation
All door lock Pressing the LOCK switch locks all doors.
All door unlock Pressing the UNLOCK switch twice within 3 seconds unlocks all the doors after the driver's
(2-step unlock) door is unlocked.
DL If none of the doors is opened within 60 seconds after they are unlocked by the wireless
Automatic lock
door lock control, all the doors will lock again automatically.
Pressing the PANIC switch of the transmitter for longer than about 0.8 seconds causes the
following alarms to activate:
• Sounds the horn and security horn.
Panic alarm • Flashes the hazard lights, headlights, and taillights.
• Illuminates the front interior light (when the switch is in the DOOR position).
While the panic alarm is operating, pressing any switch of the transmitter cancels the alarm
operation.
Pressing the LUGGAGE OPEN switch of the transmitter opens the luggage compartment
Luggage compartment door opener
door.
• When the doors are locked by wireless operation, the wireless door lock buzzer sounds
once and the hazard warning lights flash once.
• When the doors are unlocked by wireless operation, the wireless door lock buzzer
Answer back
sounds twice and the hazard warning lights flash twice.
• When the luggage compartment door is opened by wireless operation, the wireless door
lock buzzer sounds once.