DL–137
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
5. ENTRY FUNCTION OPERATION
(a) The smart key system has the following functions:
Function Outline
Mechanical Key Operation is same as conventional mechanical key.
This function remotely locks and unlocks all doors or luggage
compartment. Operation is same as wireless door lock control system.
Wireless Door Lock Control
However, receiver in certification ECU uses entry door control receiver
to control locking and unlocking.
When person carrying electrical key enters detection area, door will
Entry Illumination
enter unlock standby mode and front map light will illuminate.
When electrical key is located in detection area of door oscillator, door
Entry Unlock
will unlock by touching inside of outside door handle.
Changes doors that can be unlocked with entry unlock function
between 2 modes.
Entry Unlock Mode Switching (See page DL-145)
• Driver door mode
• All door mode
When electrical key is located in detection area of door oscillator and
Entry Lock engine switch is off, door can be locked by pressing lock switch on
outside door handle.
When electrical key is in detection area of luggage compartment outer
Entry Luggage Compartment Open oscillator, luggage compartment opens by pressing luggage
compartment open switch.
This function operates driving position memory system in accordance
Memory Call
with electrical key ID code.
• Prevents confinement of electrical key if door is locked using
outside door handle while electrical key is still inside vehicle.
• If all doors are locked and luggage compartment door is closed
Electrical Key Lock-in Prevention
while electrical key is still in luggage compartment, warning
buzzer sounds. If luggage compartment open switch is operated,
luggage compartment door can be opened.
When any of situations below occur, smart key system causes
certification ECU to sound buzzer in combination meter and wireless
door lock buzzer, and display information in order to alert driver.
• Exit warning if shift lever position is not P and power source mode
is not off.
• Exit warning if shift lever position is P and power source mode is
Warning not off.
• Warning if occupant leaves with electrical key.
• Warning if engine switch is operated while electrical key is outside
actuation area.
• Warning if entry lock is operated while electrical key is inside
vehicle.
• Warning if electrical key battery is weak.
If electrical key is constantly located within actuation area of door
oscillator, system maintains periodic communication with electrical
Battery Saving
key. Therefore, if vehicle remains parked in that state for a long time,
electrical key battery and vehicle battery could be drained.
DL
Following electrical key functions can be cancelled by performing
certain operations:
• Entry Unlock/Lock
Key Cancel (See page DL-145) • Memory Call
• Entry Luggage Compartment Open
• Electrical key Lock-in Prevention
• Warning
The total number of electrical keys that can be registered is seven.
Electrical Key Code Registration Enables the registration (writing and storing) of transmitter recognition
codes in the EEPROM that is contained in the certification ECU.
6. WIRELESS DOOR LOCK AND UNLOCK AND
LUGGAGE COMPARTMENT OPEN FUNCTION
Push the LOCK/UNLOCK/PANIC/LUGGAGE
COMPARTMENT switch on the electrical key to operate
each function. For details, (See page DL-69).