DL–217
DOOR LOCK – DOOR CONTROL TRANSMITTER (w/o Smart Key System)
INSPECTION
1. INSPECT DOOR CONTROL TRANSMITTER
(a) Inspect operation of the transmitter.
(1) Remove the battery (lithium battery) from the
transmitter (See page DL-215).
(2) Install a new or normal battery (lithium battery).
(3) If a new or normal battery is not available,
connect 2 new 1.5 V batteries in a series.
Connect the positive (+) battery electrode to
the battery receptacle side terminal, and the
negative (-) battery electrode to the bottom
terminal, and apply a voltage of 3 V to the
transmitter.
(4) In a location that is approximately 1 m (3.28 ft)
away from the driver side outside door handle,
point the key plate of the transmitter at the
B144374
vehicle and check operation of the transmitter
by pressing the transmission switches on the
transmitter body.
Standard:
The door lock/unlock can be operated via
remote control.
The LED lights up when each switch is
pressed.
HINT:
• The minimum operational distance differs
depending on the way the transmitter is held
and the location.
• Since the transmitter uses faint electric
waves, the operational distance might be
shortened if noise or a strong electric wave
occurs in the area where the frequency is
used.
(5) Install the battery (lithium battery).
(b) Inspect the battery capacity.
HINT:
• The capacity of the battery can be determined
only when the battery is installed in the
transmitter. For a lithium battery used in the
transmitter, a voltage of more than 2.5 V is
DL
shown on the tester until the energy is
completely consumed without the battery
installed in the transmitter. Therefore, it is
necessary to measure the voltage with the
battery installed in the transmitter (a resistance of
1.2 kΩ is applied to the battery) to check the
amount of energy left in the battery.
• If the transmitter is faulty, the amount of energy
left in the battery might not be checked correctly.
(1) Remove the battery (lithium battery) from the
transmitter (See page DL-215).
(2) Connect the lead to the negative (-) terminal of
the transmitter and install the battery.