DL–121
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
(3) While driving the vehicle, continuously pressing
the engine switch for 3 seconds or more will turn
off the engine. Do not touch the engine switch
while driving, except in an emergency.
(4) Do not touch the engine switch with oily hands.
(5) If the vehicle has been in a high temperature
location for an extended period of time, be
careful when touching the engine switch. It may
be very hot and lead to burns.
(6) Take care to avoid spilling beverages on the
engine switch. Keep all liquids away from the
engine switch.
(7) Do not use the engine switch if it seems to be
sticking or feels abnormal.
(8) The vehicle continually records the power
source mode (off, on (ACC), on (IG), start).
When the battery cable is disconnected and
reconnected, the power source mode will return
to the mode that was selected before
disconnecting the battery cable. Always turn the
power off before disconnecting the battery cable.
When the vehicle battery is fully depleted, power
will be cut. As a result, the power source mode
before the power was cut cannot be recognized,
so be extremely careful.
(9) Do not connect any electronic products to the
ACC, IG1 or IG2 coil side wiring, as the vehicle
power supply may be unable to be turned on, or
other problems may occur.
(10) After the battery cable has been disconnected
and reconnected, the engine will not start on the
first attempt. The engine will start normally on
the second attempt.
(11) When starting the engine immediately after
reconnecting the battery cable, connect the
cable and wait at least 10 seconds before
attempting to start the engine. The engine may
not start when attempting an engine start
immediately after disconnecting and
reconnecting the battery cable.
(12) If the electrical key is held over the engine
DL
switch to start the engine because the electrical
key battery is depleted, the following warnings
will sound:
• Driver's door open → closed:
– An exit warning if the shift lever is in a
position other than P and the power
source is in a mode other than off.
– An exit warning if the shift lever is in the P
position and the power source is in a mode
other than off.
• Doors other than the driver door open →
closed: