DL–123
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
(4) If the alarm operates when the luggage
compartment is closed with all the doors locked,
the electrical key is in the cabin or luggage
compartment. Check the cabin and luggage
compartment to find the electrical key.
(5) If the luggage compartment is closed with the
electrical key in it when all the doors are locked,
the alarm will sound and the luggage
compartment can be opened. This may increase
the risk of the vehicle being stolen.
(6) Do not open or close the luggage compartment
after all the doors are locked if you want to keep
the spare electrical keys in the cabin. As a result,
the alarm may sound and the luggage
compartment can be opened. This may increase
the risk of the vehicle being stolen.
(g) Precautions for the battery built into the electrical
key and the vehicle battery:
(1) The electrical key is constantly checking for
signals from the vehicle, which requires power
from the electrical key's built-in battery. The life
of the battery is approximately 1 to 2 years
depending on the usage conditions. Be sure to
replace the battery when its power is low. When
replacing the battery, do not touch the inner
circuit board or other inner parts.
(2) The electrical key is constantly checking for
signals from the vehicle using battery power to
determine whether the electrical key is being
used or not. Even if the user is carrying 2
electrical keys and only 1 electrical key is used,
both electrical keys will consume battery power.
(3) The electrical key receives radio waves at
approximately 314 MHz. If the electrical key
continuously receives strong, identical frequency
waves, this may drain the electrical key's battery.
Store the electrical key at least 1 m (3.3 ft) from
TVs, personal computers, or other electrical
products.
(4) When a door is being locked, the vehicle battery
is used to transmit radio waves. The battery may
DL
be dead if the vehicle remains stopped for a long
time. If the vehicle is not used for a long time,
remove the battery from the vehicle or cancel
the smart key system.
(5) When a door is being locked with the electrical
key in the detection area of a door oscillator, the
battery is used for regular communication
between the electrical key and vehicle. If the
vehicle is not used, keep the electrical key away
from the vehicle (more than 2 m (6.6 ft)).