DL–103
DOOR LOCK – WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
REGISTRATION
HINT:
• Register the recognition code when replacing the door
control transmitter or the door control receiver.
• Add mode is used to register new recognition codes while
still retaining codes already registered. This mode is used
when a new transmitter is added. If the number of
registered codes exceeds 6, the previously registered
codes will be erased in order, starting from the first
registered code.
• Rewrite mode is used to erase all the previously registered
recognition codes in order to register all-new recognition
codes. This mode is used when the transmitter or the door
control receiver is replaced with a new one.
• Confirmation mode is used to confirm how many
recognition codes have already been registered before
another recognition code is registered.
• Prohibition mode is used to erase all the registered codes
and disable the wireless door lock function.
This mode is used when the transmitter is lost.
• All the following registration procedures must be
performed in order.
1. REGISTRATION OF RECOGNITION CODE (USING
INTELLIGENT TESTER)
(a) Turn the ignition switch ON.
(b) Select the add or rewrite mode according to the
intelligent tester display.
(c) The number of registered codes is indicated.
(d) Registration of the door control transmitter.
(1) If the add mode or rewrite mode has been
selected, press the LOCK and UNLOCK
switches on the transmitter simultaneously.
(2) Within 3 seconds of releasing the LOCK and
UNLOCK switches, press either of the switches
on the door control transmitter.
NOTICE:
• Do not press the LOCK and UNLOCK
switches simultaneously for more than
1.5 seconds.
• Do the operation within 1 meter of the
DL
driver's seat to register the transmitter.
• Do not push other transmitter switches
during the transmitter registration
process.
(3) The main body ECU automatically performs the
power door LOCK-UNLOCK operation once
and sounds the wireless door lock buzzer
twice, in order to indicate whether registration
has been completed correctly or not.