DL–101
DOOR LOCK – WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
(3) Check that the driver's door unlocks when the
UNLOCK switch is pressed once, and all the
doors unlock when pressed twice within 3
seconds.
(c) Check the automatic lock function.
(1) Check that if the driver's door or all doors are
unlocked with the UNLOCK switch and none of
the doors are opened or locked within
approximately 60 seconds, the doors
automatically re-lock.
(2) Check that if the driver's door or all doors are
unlocked with the UNLOCK switch and a door is
opened or locked within approximately 60
seconds, the automatic lock function does not
operate.
(d) Check the interior light ON function.
HINT:
Turn the interior light switch to the DOOR position
before the check.
(1) Check that the interior light comes on
simultaneously with the unlocking operation
when the UNLOCK switch is pressed.
(2) Check that the interior light goes off in
approximately 15 seconds if none of the doors is
opened after the unlocking operation.
(e) Check the answer back function.
(1) When the doors are locked by wireless
operation, the wireless door lock buzzer sounds
once and the hazard warning lights flash once.
(2) When the doors are unlocked by wireless
operation, the wireless door lock buzzer sounds
twice and the hazard warning lights flash twice.
(3) When the luggage compartment door is opened
by wireless operation, the wireless door lock
buzzer sounds once.
(f) Check the switch operation fail-safe function.
(1) Check that the doors cannot be locked by
operating a switch while the key is in the ignition
key cylinder.
HINT:
This check cannot be made when the system is
DL
in recognition code registration mode.
(g) Check the chattering prevention function.
(1) Check that the corresponding operation occurs
only once, and does not repeat itself while the
switch is kept pressed. Check that the
corresponding operation is carried out when the
switch is operated repeatedly at 1-second
intervals.
(h) Check the luggage compartment door opener
function.
(1) Check that the luggage compartment door
opens when the LUGGAGE OPEN switch is
held down for 0.6 seconds or more.