DL–138
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
7. ENTRY UNLOCK FUNCTION
(a) The detection area is formed by communication
between a door oscillator and door control receiver
when the door is locked in order to detect access of
the person carrying the electrical key.
(b) When the person carrying the electrical key enters
the detection area around the vehicle, the matching
of the ID codes for a door oscillator and electrical
key will automatically be performed. After the
matching is completed, the door will enter unlock
standby mode.
(c) In unlock standby mode, the antenna built into the
outside handle starts sensing. If the outside handle
is held (the back side of the handle is touched), the
door unlock operation will be performed. At this
time, the hazard warning light blinks twice and the
wireless door lock buzzer sounds twice.
(d) If any of the doors are not opened after a door
unlock operation, all doors will automatically lock
after 60 seconds.
8. ENTRY LOCK FUNCTION
(a) After leaving the vehicle carrying the electrical key,
push the lock switch on the outside handle when all
the doors are closed.
(b) The certification ECU determines whether the
electrical key is located inside or outside of the
cabin based on the information from a door
oscillator and room oscillator. Then matching of the
ID codes is performed.
(c) When the matching result shows that the ID codes
of the electrical key and indoor antenna do not
match and the ID codes of the electrical key and
door oscillator match, the door lock function will
operate. At this time, the hazard warning lights blink
once and the wireless door lock buzzer sounds
once.
(d) If the electrical key is located inside of the cabin, the
door lock function will not operate and the alarm
buzzer (beep sound) will sound for 2 seconds.
9. ENTRY LUGGAGE COMPARTMENT OPEN
DL FUNCTION
Stand in front of the luggage compartment with the
electrical key and push the power luggage compartment
opener switch to start the matching of the ID codes for
the electrical key oscillator (outside luggage
compartment). If the ID codes match, luggage
compartment door open operation will be performed.
10. PREVENTION OF ELECTRICAL KEY CONFINEMENT
FUNCTION
(a) If you attempt to lock the door through keyless
operation (move the lock knob to the lock position
and then close the door) with the electrical key in
the cabin, the system determines that the electrical
key is located in the cabin and unlocks the door.