DL–139
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
(b) If the luggage compartment is closed with the
electrical key in it, the alarm will sound and the
luggage compartment can be opened only when all
the doors are locked in order to prevent electrical
key confinement in the vehicle.
11. ENTRY ILLUMINATION FUNCTION
When a person carrying the electrical key enters the
detection area, the door will enter unlock standby mode
and the front map light will illuminate.
HINT:
The entry illumination function operates when the electrical
key enters the vehicle exterior detection area from out of the
detection area. If the electrical key remains in the detection
area for 3 seconds or more, the illumination function does not
operate.
12. MEMORY CALL FUNCTION
When the engine switch is off and the driver side door is
closed, opening the door will operate the memory call
function (the door will move to a previously recorded
driving position). Using the electrical key, memory call,
electrical key registration and electrical key cancellation
can be performed.
13. WARNING FUNCTION
(a) General
When any of the situations below occur, the smart
key system causes the certification ECU to sound
the buzzer in the combination meter and the
wireless door lock buzzer, and illuminate the
combination meter's multi-information display in
order to alert the driver.
Warning Function Operation Condition Situation
Exit warning if shift lever position is not P and power source mode is not off. A
Exit warning if shift lever position is P and power source mode is not off. B
Warning if occupant leaves with electrical key. C
Warning if engine switch is operated while electrical key is outside detection area. D
Warning if entry lock is operated while electrical key is inside cabin. E
Warning if electrical key battery is weak. F
(b) Situation A
There are 2 patterns for situation A.
DL
Pattern 1: In situation A, the door is opened and the
user tries to leave the vehicle.
Pattern 2: Then the user holds the electrical key and
tries to move away from the vehicle.
In these situations, the following control is
performed:
• Pattern 1
Possible Effects without Warning Sudden vehicle start, vehicle theft, vehicle roll-away
Certification ECU gives warning when all following conditions are
satisfied:
• Shift lever position is not P
Warning Condition
• Engine switch is not off
• Driver side door is opened
• Vehicle speed is 5 km/h (3.1 mph)