DL–97
DOOR LOCK – WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
Function Operation
The buzzer sounds when LOCK is pressed when any of the doors are ajar. When all the
Door ajar warning doors are closed or when UNLOCK is pressed, the buzzer will stop after it sounds for 10
seconds continuously.
When all the doors are locked, pressing UNLOCK causes the interior lights to come on
Illuminated entry
simultaneously with the unlock operation.
The following are ways to enter the self-diagnostic mode:
• If the door control receiver receives normal radio waves from the door control
transmitter when the system is in diagnostic mode, it sounds the wireless door lock
Self-diagnostic mode
buzzer and flashes the interior light in a normal pattern that corresponds to the function
of each switch.
• Read DTCs with the intelligent tester.
Enables the registration (writing and storing) of 6 types of transmitter recognition codes in
Transmitter recognition code registration
the EEPROM that is contained in the door control receiver.
4. TRANSMITTER RECOGNITION CODE
REGISTRATION FUNCTION
The table below shows the 6 ID registration function
modes by which up to 6 different codes can be
registered. The codes are electronically registered
(written and stored) in the EEPROM that is contained in
the door control receiver.
Mode Function
Adds a newly received code while preserving any previously registered codes.
Add mode This mode is used when adding a new transmitter. If the number of registered codes
exceeds 6, the oldest registered code is erased first.
Rewrite mode Erases all previously registered codes and registers only newly input codes.
Confirms how many codes are currently registered. When adding a new code, this mode is
Confirmation mode
used to check how many codes already exist.
Deletes all the registered codes and disables the wireless door lock function.
Prohibition mode
This mode is used when the transmitter is lost.
5. CONDITIONS THAT WIRELESS FUNCTIONS DO NOT
OPERATE
(a) Lock operation is not available when:
• Any of the doors is open.
• The key is inserted in the ignition key cylinder.
(b) Unlock operation is not available when:
• The key is inserted in the ignition key cylinder.
(c) Luggage compartment door opener is not available
when:
• The key is inserted in the ignition key cylinder.
DL