DL–69
DOOR LOCK – WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM
The wireless door lock control system functions to lock
and unlock all the doors from a distance. The system is
controlled by a hand-held transmitter which sends radio
waves to the door control receiver. The certification ECU
performs an ID code identification process and engages
the door lock control.
2. FUNCTION OF MAIN COMPONENTS
Component Function
• Has LOCK, UNLOCK, LUGGAGE OPEN, and PANIC switches.
Door control transmitter • Transmits weak radio waves (recognition codes and function codes) to the door control
receiver.
Receives weak radio waves from the door control transmitter and sends them to the
Door control receiver
certification ECU.
• Front door courtesy light switch
• Rear door courtesy light switch Turns on when a door is opened and turns off when it is closed. Outputs door status codes
• Luggage compartment door courtesy light (open or closed) to the main body ECU.
switch
Door lock position switch Transmits the door lock positions of each door to the main body ECU.
Emits beep (answer back) when doors are locked or unlocked, or luggage compartment
Wireless door lock buzzer
door is opened by wireless operation.
Sends wireless door lock control signals in response to the code data from the door control
Certification ECU
receiver and signals from each ECU.
3. SYSTEM FUNCTION
The door control transmitter has the LOCK, UNLOCK,
LUGGAGE OPEN, and PANIC switches. Operating
these switches activates each function.
The wireless door lock control system has the following
functions:
HINT:
The default settings of the following functions are ON.
Part of these functions can be customized (See page
DL-73).
Function Operation
All door lock Pressing the LOCK switch locks all doors.
All door unlock Pressing the UNLOCK switch twice within 3 seconds unlocks all the doors after the driver's
(2-step unlock) door is unlocked.
If none of the doors is opened within 60 seconds after they are unlocked by the wireless
Automatic lock
door lock control, all the doors will lock again automatically.
Pressing the LUGGAGE OPEN switch of the transmitter opens the luggage compartment DL
Luggage compartment door open
door.
• When the doors are locked by wireless operation, the hazard warning lights flash once
and the wireless door lock buzzer sounds once.
• When the doors are unlocked by wireless operation, the hazard warning lights flash
Answer back
twice and the wireless door lock buzzer sounds twice.
• When the luggage compartment door is opened by wireless operation, the wireless door
lock buzzer sounds.
Pressing the PANIC switch of the transmitter for longer than about 0.8 seconds causes the
following alarms to activate:
• Sounds the horn and security horn.
Panic alarm • Flashes the hazard lights, headlights, and taillights.
• Illuminates the front interior light (when the switch is in the DOOR position).
While the panic alarm is operating, pressing any switch of the transmitter cancels the alarm
operation.