DL–73
DOOR LOCK – WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
OPERATION CHECK
1. FUNCTIONS AND OPERATING CONDITIONS
(a) The wireless door LOCK/UNLOCK function:
This wireless door lock control function operates
only when the following 4 conditions are met:
(1) There is no wireless transmitter in the cabin.
(2) All the doors are closed.
(3) The power door lock system is functioning
normally.
(4) The function is not disabled by customization.
HINT:
The UNLOCK function operates even when any
of the doors are open.
(b) The wireless transmitter operational range differs
depending on the situation.
(1) The operational range differs depending on the
user, the way the transmitter is held, and the
location.
(2) In certain areas, the operational range will be
reduced due to the vehicle body shape and the
influence of the surrounding environment.
(3) Since the transmitter uses weak radio waves,
the operational range may be reduced or the
transmitter may not function if interference or
stronger radio waves occur in the area where
the transmitter is used.
(4) When the battery is low, the operational range is
reduced and/or the transmitter may not function.
HINT:
If the transmitter has been left in a place that is
exposed to direct sunlight, such as on the
instrument panel, the battery may be weakened
or other problems may occur.
2. CHECK WIRELESS DOOR LOCK CONTROL
FUNCTIONS
HINT:
• The switches built into the door control transmitter
send radio waves to the door lock control receiver.
• The operational range must be taken into account
during checks.
DL
(a) Establish conditions that allow the wireless control
function to be operated successfully.
(b) Check these basic functions.
(1) Check that all the doors lock when the LOCK
switch is pressed.
(2) Check that the driver's door unlocks when the
UNLOCK switch is pressed once, and all doors
unlock when pressed twice within 3 seconds.
(c) Check the automatic lock function.
(1) Check that if the driver's door or all doors are
unlocked with the UNLOCK switch and none of
the doors are opened or locked within
approximately 60 seconds, the doors
automatically re-lock.