DL–119
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
(4) Make sure that the doors are unlocked when
touching the touch sensor on the outside door
handle while the electrical key is being carried.
If the doors cannot be unlocked, the certification
ECU orders the main body ECU to perform the
door unlock operation 4 times at intervals of 0.75
seconds.
At this time, the door may not be unlocked
because the handle is being pulled due to some
mechanical reasons.
Be sure to return the door handle to its original
position.
If the door cannot be opened by pulling the
handle, perform the entry unlock operation
again.
(5) If the electrical key is too close to the oscillator
on the outside of the vehicle, the door may not
be unlocked because the electrical key cannot
react to the strong wave output from the
transmitter.
(6) If the electrical key is within the vehicle exterior
detection area, the door can be unlocked even
when a person other than the person carrying
the electrical key holds the door handle.
However, the doors other than the door that the
codes match will not be unlocked.
(If the electrical key is within the driver side
door's detection area outside the vehicle, the
doors will be unlocked when the person carrying
the electrical key holds the driver side door
handle. However, if any door handle other than
that of the driver side door is held, the doors will
not be unlocked).
(7) If a door is not opened after the door unlock
operation, the doors automatically lock after
approximately 30 seconds.
(8) If a large amount of water is applied to the door
handle due to a car wash or heavy rain, the
electrical key being within the vehicle exterior
detection area may cause the doors to be
unlocked.
DL
However, the doors will be locked again after
approximately 30 seconds if a door is not
opened.
(9) If the electrical key of the smart key system is
used while it is being carried with the electrical
key of another smart key system, the time before
the entry unlock operation will become longer
than usual. This is not a malfunction.
(c) Precautions for the entry lock function:
(1) When performing the entry lock operation, firmly
press the lock switch on the outside door handle.
If pressed too quickly or lightly, the entry lock
may not operate.