DL–134
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
(b)Any facilities that generate strong radio
waves, such as a TV tower, power plant,
broadcast station, or gas station, are located
near the inspection site.
(c)A wireless device, such as a cellular phone, is
carried with the electrical key.
(d)The electrical key is in contact with or covered
with metal.
(e)Another wireless door lock control function is
operated near the vehicle.
(f) The electrical key is located near a device that
generates high voltage or noise.
• The electrical key may be difficult to operate for a
reason relating to the vehicle body shape.
• The electrical key may not be detected correctly
if it is around the vehicle's windows, the door
handle, or the center of the bumper even when it
is in the detection area outside the vehicle.
• The electrical key may not be detected correctly
if it is on the instrument panel, auxiliary box of the
driver's side instrument panel, rear package tray,
floor, or in the glove box even when it is in the
detection area inside the vehicle.
• The engine cannot be started even when the
electrical key is in the detection area inside the
luggage compartment.
• The electrical key may not operate if the
electrical key is not held properly.
• The smart key system does not operate in the
following conditions:
(a)The smart key system is canceled.
(b)The electrical key battery is completely
depleted (the indicator does not blink when
pushing any of the buttons on the electrical
key).
3. FUNCTION OF MAIN COMPONENTS
Component Function
Consists of mechanical key, transmitter for wireless door lock control,
Electrical Key
and transceiver for smart key system
Controls smart key system in accordance with signals from each
DL oscillator, various switches, ECUs, and electrical key
Certification ECU • Judges and certifies ID code from entry door control receiver
• Transmits engine immobiliser unset signal to ID code box
• Transmits steering unlock signals to steering lock ECU
Controls push button start function in accordance with signals from
various switches, ECUs, and combination meter
• Transmits electrical key verification request signal to certification
ECU in accordance with engine switch signal, and turns relays ON
Main Body ECU (Instrument Panel J/B)
and OFF
• Receives request signal from certification ECU and actuates door
lock motor to unlock or lock door
• Transmits each door condition signal to certification ECU
Receives steering unlock or engine immobiliser unset signals from
ID Code ECU certification ECU, certifies them, and transmits unset signals to
steering lock ECU or ECM
Outside Door Handle (driver and passenger doors) (antenna) Transmits request signals
Outside Door Handle (driver and passenger doors) (touch sensor) Detects that person touches inside of outside handle