DL–166
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
(c) Check the entry lock function.
(1) Step 1: Close all of the vehicle's doors. With the
electrical key in your possession outside the
vehicle, check that pressing the lock switch
Approx. 0.3 m locks the doors.
(0.9 ft) (2) Step 2: Inspect the entry lock operation's
detection area and the indoor electrical key
Key
antenna for wave leaks. Hold the electrical key
at a height of 1 m (3.3 ft) (0.1 m (0.3 ft) above
the lower edge of the window frame). Pay
B137956E01
attention to the direction and position of the
electrical key in the illustration. When the
electrical key is approximately 0.3 m (0.9 ft)
from the vehicle and the lock switch is pressed,
check that the all doors lock and the warning
buzzer (for when the electrical key is forgotten)
does not sound. If the warning buzzer sounds,
the indoor electrical key antenna may have a
wave leak.
HINT:
Do not press the lock switch with the same
hand that is holding the electrical key because
the electrical key cannot communicate with the
system within a 0.2 m (0.6 ft) radius of the
outside handle. The doors will not lock.
(3) Step 3: Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the remaining
doors.
(d) Check the entry luggage compartment door open
function.
(1) Close the luggage compartment door. With the
electrical key in your possession, check that
pressing the power luggage door open switch
0.7 to 1.0 m
(2.3 to 3.3 ft) opens the luggage compartment door.
Center of Vehicle
(2) Inspect the entry luggage compartment door
open operation's detection area. Hold the
electrical key at the same height as the power
luggage door open switch (approximately 0.8 m
B137957E01
(2.6 ft)) and align the key with the center of the
rear of the vehicle. Pay attention to the
direction of the electrical key shown in the
DL illustration. When the electrical key is brought
within 0.7 to 1.0 m (2.3 to 3.3 ft) of the vehicle,
check that pressing the power luggage door
open switch opens the luggage compartment
door.
(e) Check the entry ignition function.
(1) When the engine is off:
With the electrical key in your possession and
the brake pedal depressed, check that pressing
the engine switch releases the steering wheel
lock and starts the engine.
HINT:
The engine can be started only when the
engine switch indicator illuminates in green.