DL–122
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
Warning to inform that the electrical key
has been taken out of the vehicle.
These warnings will sound because whether the
electrical key is in the cabin or not cannot be
determined. They do not indicate system
malfunctions.
(e) Precautions for luggage compartment door entry
function:
Even if the electrical key is within the electrical key
oscillator (outside luggage compartment) detection
area, the luggage compartment door cannot be
opened if the electrical key is in the following areas:
• Near the center of the bumper
• Too close to the ground or in a high place
(f) Precautions for the function to prevent electrical key
confinement in the luggage compartment:
(1) Do not place the electrical key in the luggage
compartment.
If the luggage compartment is closed with the
electrical key in it when all the doors are locked,
the alarm to indicate electrical key confinement
will operate (beeping sound for 2 seconds
outside of the vehicle). However, the alarm may
not operate for some reason relating to the
electrical key location (near the spare tire or the
side of the luggage compartment), the electrical
key condition (covered with metal or near metal),
or ambient radio waves.
(2) If the luggage compartment is closed with the
electrical key in it when any of the doors is
unlocked or open, the electrical key confinement
prevention function will not operate. In this case,
use the luggage compartment opener in the
cabin to open the luggage compartment and
take out the electrical key.
(3) The alarm may erroneously operate in the
following conditions. If you can confirm that you
are carrying the electrical key or that the
electrical key is in the cabin, there is no problem.
The entry luggage compartment open function
may not operate if the alarm erroneously
DL
operates. In this case, use the luggage
compartment opener in the cabin or perform a
wireless operation to open the luggage
compartment.
- The electrical key is brought into the cabin after
the luggage compartment is opened, and then
the luggage compartment is closed.
- The luggage compartment is closed by the
person who is carrying the electrical key.