DL–10
DOOR LOCK – POWER DOOR LOCK CONTROL SYSTEM
(2) Pull out the electrical key (*1) or mechanical key
(transmitter), open the driver side door and then
close and lock the door using the electrical key
(*1) or mechanical key (transmitter). Under this
condition, check that all doors do not unlock
when the door control switch (for manual
operation) is turned to UNLOCK from outside the
vehicle.
(3) Pull out the electrical key (*1) or the mechanical
key, and close and lock the driver side door by
mechanical key operation. Under this condition,
check that all doors do not unlock when the door
control switch (for manual operation) is turned to
UNLOCK from outside the vehicle.
(4) Pull out the electrical key (*1) or mechanical key
(transmitter), close the driver side door, and lock
the door by wireless door lock operation. Under
this condition, check that all doors do not unlock
when the door control switch (for manual
operation) is turned to UNLOCK from outside the
vehicle.
HINT:
Check that the security function is canceled
under the following conditions:
• The ignition switch is turned on (IG).
• The driver side door is unlocked using the
mechanical key (transmitter) or the electrical
key.
• The door control switch (for manual
operation) is turned to UNLOCK after the
door control knob is turned to UNLOCK
manually.
(e) Check the illumination function.
(1) Set the room light switch to the DOOR position.
(2) With all doors locked, check that driver's door
unlock when the driver side door lock cylinder is
turned to UNLOCK using the key. At the same
time, the room light comes on.
(3) Check that the room light goes off in
approximately 15 seconds if the doors have not
been opened.
DL
(f) Check the AUTO lock function (w/ Smart Key
System).
(1) Lock all doors.
(2) Unlock driver's door using the electrical key.
(3) Allow 30 seconds to elapse while all doors
remain closed and the electrical key switch and
the entry unlock switch remain untouched. Then,
check that all doors will lock automatically.