DL–120
DOOR LOCK – SMART KEY SYSTEM
(2) It is possible that signals output from the indoor
electrical key antenna may leak through the
window. Also, if the electrical key is too close to
a door oscillator, the oscillator output signals are
too strong and the electrical key cannot respond.
As a result, when the electrical key is near the
vehicle interior (window, door handle), the entry
lock function may not operate. Also, the
electrical key reminder warning buzzer may
sound and the entry unlock operation may stop
functioning. In this situation, move the electrical
key away from the vehicle interior (window, door
handle), perform the entry lock operation and
perform the entry unlock operation.
(3) Do not touch the lock switch while opening or
closing the door.
If the lock switch is pressed when opening or
closing the door while the electrical key is being
carried, the door ajar warning buzzer sounds
(beeps outside the vehicle for 10 seconds).
(4) If the electrical key is on the instrument panel,
rear package tray, floor, or in the glove box, the
electrical key reminder function may not operate
and the electrical key may be locked in the
vehicle. Always carry the electrical key.
(5) If the electrical key is outside the vehicle but is
very close to a window or door handle (the ECU
determines that the electrical key is inside the
vehicle) and the transmitter or mechanical key is
used to lock the doors (entry lock is not used),
entry unlock will not operate. To unlock the
doors, perform a wireless door unlock operation.
The entry lock function operates in this way to
prevent the user from unintentionally unlocking
the doors from outside the vehicle. For example,
when a user operates the wireless door lock
operation from inside the vehicle, radio waves
from a door oscillator may leak into the vehicle
interior and the doors may unlock.
(6) To allow the user enough time to check if the
doors are locked after performing a door lock
DL
operation (entry lock function or wireless door
lock operation), the entry unlock function will not
be permitted for 3 seconds after the door lock
operation.
(d) Precautions for the entry ignition function:
(1) To start the engine, first depress the brake pedal
firmly until the engine switch indicator illuminates
green.
(2) When operating the engine switch, firmly press
the switch. If the switch is pressed too quickly,
power source control and engine starting may
not operate.