E GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND SYMBOLS
BATTERY GROUND
Stores chemical energy and The point at which wiring attaches to
converts it into electrical energy. the Body, thereby providing a return
Provides DC current for the auto’s path for an electrical circuit; without a
various electrical circuits. ground, current cannot flow.
CAPACITOR (Condenser)
HEADLIGHTS
A small holding unit for temporary
1. SINGLE Current flow causes a headlight
storage of electrical voltage. FILAMENT filament to heat up and emit light. A
headlight may have either a single
(1) filament or a double (2) filament
CIGARETTE LIGHTER
2. DOUBLE
An electric resistance heating
FILAMENT
element.
CIRCUIT BREAKER HORN
Basically a reusable fuse, a circuit An electric device which sounds a
breaker will heat and open if too loud audible signal.
much current flows through it.
Some units automatically reset when
cool, others must be manually reset.
DIODE IGNITION COIL
A semiconductor which allows Converts low–voltage DC current
current flow in only one direction. into high–voltage ignition current for
firing the spark plugs.
DIODE, ZENER LIGHT
A diode which allows current flow in one Current flow through a filament
direction but blocks reverse flow only up causes the filament to heat up and
to a specific voltage. Above that potential,
emit light.
it passes the excess voltage. This acts as
a simple voltage regulator.
PHOTODIODE LED (LIGHT EMITTING DIODE)
The photodiode is a semiconductor Upon current flow, these diodes emit
which controls the current flow light without producing the heat of a
according to the amount of light. comparable light.
DISTRIBUTOR, IIA METER, ANALOG
Channels high–voltage current from Current flow activates a magnetic
the ignition coil to the individual coil which causes a needle to move,
spark plugs. thereby providing a relative display
against a background calibration.
METER, DIGITAL
FUSE
Current flow activates one or many
A thin metal strip which burns through
LED’s, LCD’s, or fluorescent
when too much current flows through it,
FUEL
thereby stopping current flow and displays, which provide a relative or
protecting a circuit from damage. digital display.
FFUUSSIIBBLLEE LLIINNKK
(for Medium Current Fuse) A heavy–gauge wire placed in high
MOTOR
amperage circuits which burns through on
A power unit which converts
overloads, thereby protecting the circuit.
electrical energy into mechanical
The numbers indicate the crosssection M
energy, especially rotary motion.
(for High Current Fuse or surface area of the wires.
Fusible Link)
18
CAMRY (EM0250U)