EI–6
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
engine switch indicator illuminates in green.
Then the certification ECU checks that the
power source mode has been changed and
sends a steering lock command signal to the
main body ECU. After receiving this signal, the
main body ECU supplies power to the steering
lock actuator. Then (via the ID code box) the
steering lock ECU confirms that the certification
ECU is certified and drives the steering actuator
motor until the steering lock is unlocked. After
unlocking the steering lock, an unlock completed
signal is sent to the certification ECU. Upon
receipt of this signal, the certification ECU sends
an unset command signal to the ID code box.
Once this signal is received, the ID code box
confirms that the certification ECU is certified,
sends an immobiliser unset command signal to
the ECM and sends a security indicator light off
signal to the certification ECU.
(b) Not using the entry function (when key battery is
depleted)
(1) When the driver is sitting in the vehicle while
carrying the key and the brake pedal is
depressed, the main body ECU recognizes that
the stop light switch is on and sends a key
confirmation request signal to the certification
ECU. Upon receipt of this signal, the certification
ECU drives the immobiliser amplifier built in the
engine switch. At this time, the engine switch
sends an RF wave communication signal to the
immobiliser. If the driver holds the key up to the
engine switch at this time, the engine switch
receives the immobiliser RF wave signal and
responds by sending a radio wave signal. When
EI
the engine switch receives the radio wave signal
from the key, it duplicates the signal and sends
an ID code to the certification ECU. Upon receipt
of the ID code, the code is analyzed. If the
certification passes, a key certification pass
response signal is sent to the main body ECU
while simultaneously sending a sound buzzer
request signal to the meter ECU. When the main
body ECU receives this signal, the ACC relay is
switched on and the IG1 and IG2 relays are
switched on in sequence. At this time, the
engine switch indicator illuminates in green.
Then the certification ECU checks that the
power source mode has been changed and
sends a steering lock command signal to the
main body ECU. After receiving this signal, the
main body ECU supplies power to the steering
lock actuator. Then (via the ID code box) the
steering lock ECU confirms that the certification
ECU is certified and drives the steering actuator