EI–1
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM
(w/ Smart Key System)
PRECAUTION
1. PRECAUTIONS WHEN USING INTELLIGENT TESTER
(a) When using the intelligent tester to troubleshoot the
smart access system: Connect the intelligent tester
to the DLC3 while the engine switch off, and turn a
door courtesy light switch on and off at 1.5-second
intervals until communication between the tester
and vehicle begins.
2. PRECAUTIONS FOR EACH FUNCTION
(a) Precautions for the electrical key:
The electrical key is a precision instrument. Be sure
to observe the following:
(1) Do not drop or strike the electrical key.
(2) Do not allow the electrical key to be kept in a
high temperature place for a long time.
(3) Do not use an ultrasonic washing machine to
clean the electrical key.
(4) Keep the electrical key away from magnets or
magnetized items during use.
(5) Do not attach any stickers to the electrical key.
(b) Precautions for the engine start function:
(1) Before starting the engine, firmly depress the
brake pedal until the indicator of the engine
switch illuminates in green.
(2) Be sure to turn the engine switch off before
disconnecting the negative (-) battery terminal.
When the battery terminal is disconnected, the
power source mode (off, on (ACC), on (IG)) will
remain in memory. When the vehicle's battery
EI
becomes discharged, be careful to remember
the power source mode.
(3) After the battery is removed and reinstalled, be
sure to wait 10 seconds or more before the next
engine start. The engine may not start
immediately after the battery is reinstalled.
(c) Precautions for the battery built into the electrical
key and the vehicle battery:
(1) When the doors are locked (locked state),
signals are emitted by the vehicle at a
predetermined interval. If the vehicle were to
remain parked for a long time, the vehicle
battery could become discharged. To prevent
this, periodically charge the vehicle battery, or
disable the entry and start system.