EI–13
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
*1: Repeat this process for each key which is to be
registered for the vehicle. Finish the procedure for
each key within 30 seconds. If the procedure for any
of the keys has not been finished within the
specified time, perform registration procedures from
process 1 again. Make sure that only 1 key is in the
cabin during registration procedures. If 2 or more
keys are in the cabin simultaneously, electric waves
will interfere with each other, preventing normal
registration.
(b) PROCEDURE "B"
New key ID registration (when replacing certification
ECU)
Process Procedure
1. Start of registration 1. Connect intelligent tester (with CAN VIM) to DLC3
2. Turn engine switch on (IG)
3. Select "SMART ACCESS / ID UTILITY / SMART CODE REG"
from tester menu
HINT:
The engine switch cannot be turned on (IG) more than 10 times. After
connecting tester, turn tester on while turning driver's side door
courtesy light switch on and off repeatedly at 1.5-second intervals or
less to continue key registration procedure
2. Confirmation of ECU code Perform operation according to prompts on tester screen
HINT:
The mode is automatically selected by tester, new registration mode
or add mode
3. Confirmation of all registered keys *1 Hold unregistered key close to engine switch (For details, refer to
PROCEDURE "1")
Confirm that wireless door lock buzzer sounds
4. Confirmation of ECU code Perform operation according to prompts on tester screen
5. Verification of unregistered key *2 Hold unregistered key close to engine switch (For details, refer to
PROCEDURE "1")
Confirm that wireless door lock buzzer sounds. Place unregistered
key on front passenger side seat
Confirm that wireless door lock buzzer sounds
EI
5. Registration of ID code Perform operation according to prompts on tester screen
6. End of registration Finish new key ID code registration
*1: Repeat this process for each key registered for
the vehicle. Finish the procedure for each key within
30 seconds. If the procedure for any of the keys has
not been finished within the specified time, perform
registration procedures from process 1 again. If
performing the key confirmation procedure for a key,
the security indicator comes on and remains on until
all the keys are confirmed.
*2: Repeat this process for each key which is to be
registered for the vehicle. Finish the procedure for
each key within 30 seconds. If the procedure for any
of the keys has not been finished within the
specified time, perform registration procedures from
1 again. Make sure that only 1 key is in the cabin
during registration procedures. If 2 or more keys are
in the cabin simultaneously, electric waves will
interfere with each other, preventing normal
registration.