EI–54
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
The engine immobiliser system is designed to prevent
the vehicle from being stolen. This system uses the
transponder key ECU assembly that stores the key
codes of authorized ignition keys. If an attempt is made
to start the engine using an unauthorized key, the ECU
sends a signal to the ECM to prohibit fuel delivery and
ignition, effectively disabling the engine.
2. FUNCTION OF MAIN COMPONENT
Component Outline
When key is inserted in ignition key cylinder, key coil receives key code. Then amplifier
Transponder key coil/amplifier
amplifies ID code and outputs it to transponder key ECU assembly.
Detects if key is in ignition key cylinder and outputs results to transponder key ECU
Unlock warning switch assembly
assembly.
ECM receives ID verification results from transponder key ECU assembly. ECM also verifies
ECM
ECUs. Then judgement of whether to immobilise engine is made.
Depending on operation of transponder key ECU assembly, interior security indicator light
Security indicator
comes on or starts blinking.
3. SYSTEM FUNCTION
Security Indicator Light:
(a) When the transponder key ECU assembly detects
that the key unlock warning switch is ON, the ECU
provides current to the transponder key coil and
produces an electric wave. A transponder chip in
the key grip receives the electric wave. Upon
receiving the electric wave, the transponder chip
outputs a key ID code signal. The transponder key
coil receives this signal, the signal is amplified by
the transponder key amplifier, and the signal is
B128350E02
transmitted to the ECU.
The ECU matches the key's ID code with the
vehicle's ID code, which was previously registered
in the ECU, and communicates the results to the
EI
ECM.
After the identification results show that the key's ID
code matches the vehicle's ID code and the ECU
has confirmed their match: 1) the immobiliser
system does not immobilise the engine and the
engine starting controls (fuel injection control and
ignition control) enter standby mode; and 2) the
ECU transmits a security indicator signal that
communicates "indicator off" to the clock. Then, the
clock turns off the security indicator light.
(b) The security indicator pattern is as shown below
(when changing from the immobiliser set status to
the unset status):