EI–61
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
(b) Finish the automatic key code registration mode.
The automatic key code registration mode can be
forced to end, when at least 1 key code (immobiliser
code) for the master key has been registered.
(1) Turn the ignition switch on and off 5 times
within 10 seconds using the master key that
has already been registered.
3. REGISTRATION OF ADDITIONAL KEY
(a) Additional registration (Procedure "A"):
Register an additional key by using the intelligent
tester.
HINT:
• A maximum of 5 key codes and 3 sub key codes
can be registered.
• Registration mode will end if any step is not
completed within the specified time.
• When the ignition cylinder or the key cylinder set
is replaced, remove the transmitter module from
the original master key. Then install this
transmitter module to a new key and use it as the
master key. If necessary, use this master key to
register other keys.
NOTICE:
When only the ignition key cylinder has been
replaced, you can lock or unlock doors by
wireless operation using the new key with built
in transmitter but not by inserting it in the door
key cylinder. Therefore, keep the original key for
the door lock or unlock operation in order to
avoid malfunctions caused by a dead
transmitter battery in the new key.
Additional Registration:
Time
Procedure Security Indicator Condition
(Completion of operation) EI
1. Start
2. Insert the already registered master key in - Indicator blinks until the first key is inserted.
the ignition key cylinder and turn the ignition
switch on.
3. Intelligent tester operation
(1) Select IMMOBILISER
(2) Select ID UTILITY
(3) Select IMMOB CODE REG
Within 120 sec. OFF
HINT:
After completing the above operation,
proceed to the next step in accordance with
the prompts on the tester screen.
4. Remove the master key. Within 20 sec. of the instruction on the tester
5. Insert the key to be registered in the ON
Within 10 sec.
ignition key cylinder.
6. After 60 sec. the key is registered.
HINT: Blinking
The security indicator goes off. -
7. Next OFF
8. End