EI–14
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
(c) PROCEDURE "C"
Additional key ID registration
Process Procedure
1. Start of registration 1. Connect intelligent tester (with CAN VIM) to DLC3
2. Turn engine switch on (IG)
3. Select "SMART ACCESS / ID UTILITY / SMART CODE REG"
from tester menu
2. Confirmation of registered key *1 Perform operation according to prompts on intelligent tester screen
HINT:
The mode is automatically selected by tester, new registration mode
or add mode
Hold unregistered key close to engine switch (For details, refer to
PROCEDURE "1")
Confirm that wireless door lock buzzer sounds once
3. Confirmation of ECU code Perform operation according to prompts on tester screen
4. Verification of unregistered key *2 Hold unregistered key close to engine switch (For details, refer to
PROCEDURE "1")
Confirm that wireless door lock buzzer sounds. Place unregistered
key on front passenger's side seat
Confirm that wireless door lock buzzer sounds
5. Registration of ID code Perform operation according to prompts on tester screen
6. End of registration Finish key ID code registration
*1: Perform this process for one of the keys
registered for the vehicle. Finish the procedure
within 30 seconds. If the procedure has not been
finished within the specified time, perform
registration procedures from process 1 again.
*2: Repeat this process for each key which is to be
registered for the vehicle. Finish the procedure for
each key within 30 seconds. If the procedure for any
of the keys has not been finished within the
specified time, perform registration procedures from
1 again. Make sure that only 1 key is in the cabin
during registration procedures. If 2 or more keys are
EI in the cabin simultaneously, electric waves will
interfere with each other, preventing normal
registration.
(d) PROCEDURE "D"
Key ID erasure
HINT:
Erase all registered key codes except one.
Process Procedure
1. Start of erasure 1. Connect intelligent tester (with CAN VIM) to DLC3
2. Turn engine switch on (IG)
3. Select "SMART ACCESS / ID UTILITY / SMART CODE ERS"
from tester menu
2. Confirmation of registered key *1 Perform operation according to prompts on intelligent tester screen
Hold unregistered key close to engine switch (For details, refer to
PROCEDURE "1")
Confirm that wireless door lock buzzer sounds once
3. Confirmation of ECU code Perform operation according to prompts on tester screen
4. Erasure of ID code Perform operation according to prompts on tester screen
5. End of erasure Finish key ID code erasure