EI–5
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
(a) The immobiliser system is a theft deterrent system
that determines whether to disable starting of the
SFI system based on a comparison of the key's ID
codes and the vehicle's pre-registered code. The
immobiliser system compares the vehicle
certification ECU's pre-registered ID code with the
ID of the key-embedded transponder chip. If the ID
codes do not match, the immobiliser system
activates and the SFI system cannot be started. The
certification ECU manages communication with the
ECM, main body ECU, steering lock ECU and ID
code box. When the ID codes of the transponder
chip and certification ECU match, the certification
ECU authorizes the SFI system to start.
2. FUNCTION OF MAIN COMPONENT
Component Outline
Receives key ID code, amplifies ID code and outputs the code to the
Transponder key coil/amplifier (built into engine switch)
certification ECU.
Transmits key detection signals within the detection area in the vehicle
interior upon receiving a transmission request signal from the
Indoor electrical key oscillator certification ECU.
Certification ECU request signal is activated when the key is brought
into the vehicle interior and the engine switch is pushed.
Receives an ID code from the key in the actuation area and transmits
Door control receiver
it to the certification ECU.
Illuminates or starts flashing.
Security indicator
Illumination is controlled by the certification ECU.
3. SYSTEM FUNCTION
(a) Using entry function
(1) When the driver (or passenger) is sitting in the
vehicle while carrying the key, and the engine
switch is pressed while the brake pedal is EI
depressed, the main body ECU recognizes that
the engine start operation has occurred and
sends a certification request signal to the
certification ECU. Upon receipt of the
certification request signal, the certification ECU
sends a request signal to the indoor electrical
key oscillator. Upon receipt of the request signal,
the indoor electrical key oscillator sends a
request signal to detect if the key is inside the
vehicle. When the key receives this request
signal, it answers by sending an ID code
containing a response code through the glass
antenna to the door control receiver. Upon
receipt of the ID code, the certification ECU
analyzes the code. If the interior certification
passes, then the main body ECU sends a
certification pass response signal. When the
main body ECU receives this signal, the ACC
relay is switched on and the IG1 and IG2 relays
are switched on in sequence. At this time, the