EI–62
ENGINE IMMOBILISER – ENGINE IMMOBILISER SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
NOTICE:
If the key code registration has failed in
automatic key code registration mode, code 2-1
will be output from the security indicator. Trying
to register an already registered key will cause
code 2-2 to be output when the key is inserted. If
the number of registered key codes exceeds the
limit, code 2-3 will be output from the security
indicator. The output details are shown in
procedure "B".
HINT:
• A brief outline of procedures for key code
registration is shown above. For detailed
information, refer to the screen of the intelligent
tester.
• When the immobiliser system is operating
normally and the key is pulled out, the security
indicator will blink.
4. ERASURE OF KEY CODE
(a) Erase the key codes by using the intelligent tester.
HINT:
• All key codes will be erased except for the
master key which is used for erasing the key
codes. In order to use a key for which the code
has been erased, it is necessary to register the
key code again.
• The registration operation will be cancelled if any
step is not completed within the specified time.
Erasing Key Code:
Time
Procedure Security Indicator Condition
(Operation Completion Time)
1. Start
2. Insert the already registered master key in - Indicator blinks until the first key is inserted.
EI the ignition key cylinder and turn the ignition
switch on.
3. Intelligent tester operation
(1) Select IMMOBILISER
(2) Select ID UTILITY
(3) Select IMMOB CODE ERA
Within 120 sec. OFF
HINT:
After completing the above operation,
proceed to the next step in accordance with
the prompts on the tester screen.
4. Remove the master key. Within 10 sec. of the instruction on the tester ON for 1 sec. then OFF
5. Next - Blinking
6. End
HINT:
• A brief outline of procedures for key code
registration is shown above. For detailed
information, refer to the screen of the intelligent
tester.
• When the immobiliser system is operating
normally and the key is pulled out, the security
indicator will blink.