GD–2
GARAGE DOOR OPENER – GARAGE DOOR OPENER SYSTEM
REGISTRATION
1. RESISTER TRANSMITTER CODE
HINT:
• The vehicle's garage door opener system records
transmitter codes for systems such as garage doors,
gates, door locks, home lighting systems, security
systems, or other transmitter-code based systems.
• The garage door opener system is built into the roof
console box assembly. If the roof console box
assembly is replaced, transmitter codes previously
registered in the garage door opener system must be
re-registered.
• Ensure that the customer is aware that existing codes
may be cleared from the garage door opener system
while performing diagnosis of the system. All remotes
required to reprogram the system should be made
available at the time of inspection or repair of the
garage door opener system.
(a) Re-registration of codes in the garage door opener
system. (registration mode)
NOTICE:
• When programming a garage door opener
system, you may operate a garage door or
other device. To prevent injury, it is necessary
to make sure that people and objects are out
of the way of the garage door or other device.
• Before beginning programming of the garage
door opener system, turn off the engine and
remove the key from the ignition key cylinder.
• The garage door opener system cannot be
used with openers that:
(1) Were manufactured before April 1, 1982.
(2) Do not meet Federal Safety Standards (for
example, garage doors without a jam
protection function).
HINT:
• 3 transmitter codes can be registered with the
garage door opener system. It is possible to
register one handheld transmitter code (original
transmitter) for each of the three garage door
opener system switches.
• Disconnecting the vehicle's battery will not erase
the transmitter codes registered in the garage
door opener system.
• An attempt to overwrite a previously registered
code may fail. In this case, the previously
registered handheld transmitter code will not be
erased.
• To successfully program the garage door opener
GD
system, it may be necessary to replace the
handheld transmitter battery before
programming.