IN–20
INTRODUCTION – REPAIR INSTRUCTION
(i) AIRBAG SENSOR ASSEMBLY
(1) Never reuse an airbag sensor assembly that has
been involved in a collision where the SRS has
deployed.
(2) The connectors to the airbag sensor assembly
should be connected or disconnected with the
IN
sensor placed on the floor. If the connectors are
connected or disconnected while the airbag
sensor assembly is not placed on the floor, the
SRS may activate.
(3) Work must be started at least 90 seconds after
the ignition switch is turned off and the cable is
disconnected from the negative (-) battery
terminal, even if only loosening the set bolts of
the airbag sensor assembly.
(j) WIRE HARNESS AND CONNECTOR
(1) The SRS wire harness is integrated with the
instrument panel wire harness assembly. All the
connectors in the system are a standard yellow
color. If the SRS wire harness becomes
disconnected or the connector becomes broken,
repair or replace it.
3. ELECTRONIC CONTROL
Negative (-) (a) REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION OF BATTERY
Cable TERMINAL
NOTICE:
Negative (-) Certain systems need to be initialized after
Battery reconnecting the cable to the negative (-) battery
Terminal terminal.
(1) Before performing electronic work, disconnect
the cable from the negative (-) battery terminal to
prevent component and wire damage caused by
D033608E03
accidental short circuits.
(2) When disconnecting the cable, turn the ignition
switch and headlight dimmer switch off and
loosen the cable nut completely. Perform these
operations without twisting or prying the cable.
Then disconnect the cable.
(3) Clock settings, radio settings, audio system
memory, DTCs and other data are erased when
the cable is disconnected from the negative (-)
battery terminal. Write down any necessary data
before disconnecting the cable.
(b) HANDLING OF ELECTRONIC PARTS
(1) Do not open the cover or case of the ECU
unless absolutely necessary. If the IC terminals
are touched, the IC may be rendered inoperative
by static electricity.
(2) Do not pull the wires when disconnecting
electronic connectors. Pull the connector itself.
INCORRECT
(3) Do not drop electronic components, such as
sensors or relays. If they are dropped on a hard
surface, they should be replaced.
D031751E02