IN–53
INTRODUCTION – HOW TO TROUBLESHOOT ECU CONTROLLED SYSTEMS
HINT:
If the vehicle has or had a water leakage
problem, the leakage may have damaged the
ECU or connections. Look for evidence of
corrosion or short circuits. Proceed with caution
during water tests.
IN
(d) HIGH ELECTRICAL LOAD METHOD: When a
malfunction seems to occur when an electrical load
is excessive.
(1) Turn on the heater blower, headlight, rear
window defogger and all other electrical loads.
AUTO Check if the malfunction reoccurs.
5. DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE CHART
Look for output Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) (from the
DTC checks) in the appropriate section's Diagnostic Trouble
B107149 Code Chart. Use the chart to determine the trouble area and
the proper inspection procedure. A description of each of the
chart's columns is shown in the table below.
Item Description
DTC No. Indicates the diagnostic trouble code
Detection Item Indicates the system or details of the problem
Trouble Area Indicates the suspected areas of the problem
See Page Indicates the page where the inspection procedures for each circuit is
to be found, or gives instruction for checking and repairs.
6. PROBLEM SYMPTOMS TABLE
When a "Normal" code is output during a DTC check but
the problem still occurs, use the Problem Symptoms
Table. The suspected areas (circuits or parts) for each
problem symptoms are in the table. The suspected areas
are listed in order of probability. A description of each of
the chart's columns is shown in the table below.
HINT:
In some cases, the problem is not detected by the
diagnostic system even though a problem symptom
occurs. It is possible that the problem occurs outside the
detection range of the diagnostic system, or that the
problem occurs in a completely different system.
Item Description
Problem Symptom -
Circuit Inspection, Inspection Order Indicates the order in which the circuits need to be checked
Circuit or Part Name Indicates the circuit or part which needs to be checked
See Page Indicates the page where the flowchart for each circuit is located
7. CIRCUIT INSPECTION
A description of the main areas of each circuit inspection
is shown in the table below.
Item Description
Circuit Description The major role, operation of the circuit and its component parts are
explained.
Diagnostic Trouble Code No. and Detection Item Indicates the diagnostic trouble codes, diagnostic trouble code
settings and suspected areas for a problem