LI–8
LIGHTING – LIGHTING SYSTEM
4. DAYTIME RUNNING LIGHT SYSTEM
The daytime running light system is designed to
automatically illuminate the headlights (dimmed HI
beams), during the daytime to make the car more visible
to other vehicle.
(a) The main body ECU controls this system.
The daytime running light system starts operating
when all of the following conditions are met:
Items Conditions
Ignition switch or engine switch On (IG)
Engine Running
OFF, TAIL or AUTO position (if headlight-on control is not being performed by the automatic light
Light control switch position
control)
Parking brake switch Released (OFF)
5. ILLUMINATED ENTRY SYSTEM
When a door is unlocked through a key or transmitter
operation, or if a door is opened, the illuminated entry
system turns on the interior light and the ignition key
cylinder light.
(a) The main body ECU controls this system. The
operation and condition of the illuminated entry
system are described below.
Operation Condition
When any of the following conditions is met, the interior light and ignition key cylinder light fade in.
• Any door is opened.
Fade in
• Any door is unlocked when the ignition switch is off and all doors are closed.
• Ignition switch is turned from on (ACC) to off when all doors are closed.
When either of the following conditions is met, the interior light and ignition key cylinder light fade
out immediately.
Fade out immediately
• Ignition switch is turned from off to on (ACC or IG) when all doors are closed.
• All doors are locked when the ignition switch is off.
Illuminate for approximately 15 seconds,
All doors are closed when the ignition switch is off.
and then fade out
When the following conditions are met, the interior light and ignition key cylinder light fade out.
• A key is not in the actuation area (with smart key system).
Fade out (Battery saving)
• A key is not inserted in the ignition key cylinder (without smart key system).
• There are no changes in the condition of the doors for 20 minutes.
LI