LI–73
LIGHTING – HEADLIGHT ASSEMBLY
ADJUSTMENT
HINT:
It is possible that a bulb is incorrectly installed, affecting
headlight aim. Bulb installation should be considered prior to
performing the adjustment procedure.
1. VEHICLE PREPARATION FOR HEADLIGHT AIM
ADJUSTMENT
(a) Prepare the vehicle according to the following
conditions:
• Ensure there is no damage or deformation to the
body around the headlights.
• Fill the fuel tank.
• Make sure that the oil is filled to the specified
level.
• Make sure that the coolant is filled to the
specified level.
• Inflate the tires to the appropriate pressure.
• Unload the trunk and vehicle, ensuring that the
spare tire, tools, and jack are in their original
positions.
• Sit a person of average weight (68 kg, 150 lb) in
the driver's seat.
2. PREPARATION FOR HEADLIGHT AIMING (Using a
headlight aim test machine)
(a) Adjust the headlight aim in accordance with the
headlight aim test machine instructions.
3. PREPARATION FOR HEADLIGHT AIMING (for Using
a Screen)
(a) Prepare the vehicle:
• Place the vehicle in a location that is dark
enough to clearly observe the cutoff line. The
cutoff line is a distinct line, below which light from
the headlights can be observed and above which
it cannot.
7.62 m (25 ft) • Place the vehicle at a 90° angle to the wall.
or 3 m (9.84 ft)
E128200E01 • Create a 7.62 m (25 ft) distance between the LI
vehicle (headlight bulb center) and the wall.
• Make sure that the vehicle is on a level surface.
• Bounce the vehicle up and down to settle the
suspension.
NOTICE:
A distance of 7.62 m (25 ft) between the
vehicle (headlight bulb center) and the wall is
necessary for proper aim adjustment. If
sufficient space is not available, secure a
distance of exactly 3 m (9.84 ft) to allow for
checking and adjustment of headlight aim.
(The size of the target zone will change with
the distance, so follow the instructions in the
illustration.)
(b) Prepare a piece of thick white paper (approximately
2 m (6.6 ft) (height) x 4 m (13.1 ft) (width)) to use as
a screen.