ME–10
METER – METER / GAUGE SYSTEM
Item Detail
SLIP (*3) Receives a SLIP signal from the skid Control ECU. (CAN (CAN No. 1 Bus))
VSC (*3) Receives a VSC signal from the skid Control ECU. (CAN (CAN No. 1 Bus))
Receives a brake signal from the brake fluid level warning switch (Direct Line) and the skid Control
BRAKE
ECU and main body ECU. (CAN (CAN No. 1 Bus))
CRUISE Receives a cruise signal from the ECM. (CAN (CAN No. 1 Bus))
AIRBAG Receives an airbag signal from the center airbag sensor assembly. (CAN (CAN No. 1 Bus))
Oil pressure Receives an oil pressure signal from the engine oil pressure switch. (Direct Line)
Tire pressure (*4) Receives a tire pressure signal from the tire pressure warning ECU. (Direct Line)
Washer (*5) Receives a washer signal from the washer level warning switch. (Direct Line)
An oil change reminder light comes on/blinks to remind the driver to change the engine oil
Maintenance required (*1)
depending on the vehicle driving distance.
*1: for U.S.A.
*2: except for U.S.A.
*3: with VSC
*4: with Tire Pressure Warning System
*5: with Washer Level Indicator
HINT:
• The multi-information display has been located in the
center of the combination meter assembly.
• The display shows a message or animation for each
of the functions described in the table below.
MULTI-INFORMATION DISPLAY:
Item Detail
When a door (driver/passenger/rear left/rear right/back/hood) of the
Door warning vehicle is opened or closed, this item displays a warning message and
animation to inform the driver of the condition of the door.
• A maintenance required will display the warning message to
remind the driver to change the engine oil depending on the
Maintenance required (*1)
vehicle driving distance.
• Displays the mode while in the maintenance request reset mode.
• This display switches between odometer, trip meter A, and trip
meter B in accordance with the operation of the ODO/TRIP
ODO/TRIP display switch.
• It is possible to reset the trip display to keep pressing the trip reset
knob for 0.8 second or more.
Displays the outside temperature in accordance with the ambient
Outside temperature display
temperature signal from the A/C control amplifier.
• Displays the value that has been calculated by the meter CPU,
which is based on the driven distance and the fuel consumption
Average fuel consumption (after refueling) volume after the ignition switch is on (IG).
• The average fuel consumption exceeds 99.9 or more, the
indication will be "99.9".
Displays the value that has been calculated by the meter CPU, which
ME Possible running distance is based on the the fuel consumption volume, fuel level, and vehicle
speed.
Cruising distance Displays the cruising distance after starting the engine.
Average vehicle speed Displays the average vehicle speed after starting the engine.
Illuminates or blinks the master warning light and displays a warning
Warning message
message for each type of system failure.
DTC (Diagnostic Trouble Code) display (*3) Displays the DTCs pertaining to the VSC function.
*1: for U.S.A.
*2: Except for U.S.A.
*3: with VSC