NS–14
NAVIGATION – NAVIGATION SYSTEM
(b) Purpose:
Recently, car audio systems have rapidly developed
and the functions have vastly changed. The
conventional car audio system is being integrated
with multi-media interfaces similar to those in
navigation systems. At the same time, customers
are demanding higher quality from their audio
systems. This is merely an overview of the
standardization background. The specific purposes
are as follows:
(1) To solve sound problems, etc. caused by using
components of different manufacturers through
signal standardization.
(2) To allow each manufacturer to concentrate on
developing products they do best. From this,
reasonably priced products can be produced.
HINT:
• If a short to +B or short to ground is detected
in the AVC-LAN circuit, communication is
interrupted and the audio system will stop
functioning.
• If the audio system has a navigation system
installed, the multi-display unit acts as the
master unit.
If the navigation system is not installed, the
audio head unit acts as the master unit
instead. If the radio and navigation assembly
is installed, it is the master unit.
• The radio and navigation assembly contains
a resistor that is necessary to enable
communication on the different AVC-LAN
circuits.
• The car audio system with an AVC-LAN
circuit has a diagnostic function.
• Each component has a specified number (3-
digit) called a physical address. Each function
has a number (2-digit) called a logical
address.
7. Communication system outline
(a) Components of the navigation system communicate
with each other via the AVC-LAN.
(b) The radio and navigation assembly has enough
resistance (60 to 80 Ω) necessary for
communication.
(c) If a short circuit or open circuit occurs in the AVC-
LAN circuit, communication is interrupted and the
NS
navigation system will stop functioning.
8. Diagnostic function outline
(a) The audio system has a diagnostic function (the
result is indicated on the master unit).
(b) A 3-digit hexadecimal component code (physical
address) is allocated to each component on the
AVC-LAN. Using this code, the component in the
diagnostic function can be displayed.