SB–11
SEAT BELT – SEAT BELT WARNING SYSTEM
ON-VEHICLE INSPECTION
1. INSPECT DRIVER SIDE SEAT BELT WARNING
(a) Turn the ignition switch on (IG).
(b) When the driver seat belt is not fastened, check that
the driver seat belt warning light on the combination
meter blinks.
(c) When the driver seat belt is fastened, check that the
driver seat belt warning light on the combination
meter is off.
2. INSPECT PASSENGER SIDE SEAT BELT WARNING
(a) Turn the ignition switch on (IG).
(b) When the front passenger seat belt is not fastened
with the passenger seat occupied, check that the
front passenger seat belt warning light on the clock
display blinks.
(c) When the front passenger seat belt is fastened with
the passenger seat occupied, check that the front
passenger seat belt warning light on the clock
display is off.
3. INSPECT SEAT BELT WARNING BUZZER
HINT:
If the buzzer does not sound, the buzzer cancel setting
may be set to ON.
(a) Turn the ignition switch on (IG).
(b) When the vehicle is driven at approximately 25 km/h
(16 mph) or more while the driver or front passenger
seat belt is not being fastened, check that the
buzzer in the combination meter assembly sounds
at an interval of 1.2 seconds for 30 seconds.
SB
(c) Check that the buzzer sounds at an interval of 0.4
seconds for 90 seconds.
(d) Check that the buzzer stops 2 minutes after the
buzzer starts sounding.
(e) After the buzzer has stopped, turn the ignition
switch off and then start the engine again. Drive the
vehicle at approximately 25 km/h (16 mph) or more
while the driver or front passenger seat belt is not
being fastened, and then check that the buzzer
sounds again.
(f) After the buzzer has stopped, fasten the driver and
front passenger seat belts. Drive the vehicle at
approximately 25 km/h (16 mph) or more and
unfasten the driver or front passenger seat belt, and
then check that the buzzer sounds again.
(g) After the buzzer has stopped, move the shift lever to
the R position, and then move it to the D position.
Drive the vehicle at approximately 25 km/h (16 mph)
or more, and then check that the buzzer sounds
again.