RF–16
SLIDING ROOF – SLIDING ROOF SYSTEM
ON-VEHICLE INSPECTION
1. CHECK AUTO OPERATION
(a) Turn the ignition switch on (IG).
(b) When the roof glass is fully closed, press the OPEN
switch for 0.3 seconds or more. Check that the roof
glass automatically slides until it is fully opened.
(c) When the roof glass is fully open, press the CLOSE
switch for 0.3 seconds or more. Check that the roof
glass automatically slides until it is fully closed.
(d) When the roof glass is fully closed, press the UP
switch for 0.3 seconds or more. Check that the roof
glass automatically tilts until it is fully tilted upward.
(e) When the roof glass is fully open, press the DOWN
switch for 0.3 seconds or more. Check that the roof
glass automatically tilts until it is fully tilted
downward.
(f) When the auto operation is operating, check that
pressing any personal light switch stops the roof
RF
glass operation.
HINT:
When pressing the switch for 0.3 seconds or less,
the roof glass moves but auto operation does not
operate.
2. CHECK SLIDING ROOF OPERATION AFTER
IGNITION SWITCH IS TURNED OFF
(a) Turn the ignition switch from on (IG) to off, and
check that the sliding roof operates. Then open and
close the driver's side door once, and check that the
sliding roof does not operate.
(b) Turn the ignition switch from on (IG) to off and wait
for approximately 43 seconds. Check that the
sliding roof does not operate.
(c) Operate the auto (SLIDE OPEN/CLOSE or TILT UP/
DOWN) operation. While the roof glass is in motion,
turn the ignition switch from on (IG) to off. Check
that the auto operation continues until the roof glass
opens or closes fully.
3. CHECK JAM PROTECTION FUNCTION
CAUTION:
• Do not use a part of your body, for example, your
hand, to check the jam protection.
• Do not allow anything to become caught in the
sliding roof by accident in this procedure.
• Perform the inspection from the inside of the
vehicle.
NOTICE:
• Do not use hard objects such as a hammer, to
avoid damage to the roof.
• If the jam protection does not operate, reset the
sliding roof drive gear (motor).