RS–35
SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM – AIRBAG SYSTEM
(a) Vibration method: When vibration seems to be the
Vibrate Slightly major cause.
HINT:
Perform the simulation method only during the
primary check period (for approximately 6 seconds
after the ignition switch is turned on (IG)).
(1) Slightly vibrate the part of the sensor considered
to be the problem cause with your fingers and
check whether the malfunction occurs.
HINT:
Shaking the relays too strongly may result in
open relays.
(2) Slightly shake the connector vertically and
Shake Slightly
horizontally.
(3) Slightly shake the wire harness vertically and
horizontally.
The connector joint and fulcrum of the vibration
are the major areas to be checked thoroughly.
3. FUNCTION OF SRS WARNING LIGHT
(a) Primary check.
Vibrate Slightly
(1) Turn the ignition switch off. Wait for at least 2
D025083E05
seconds, then turn the ignition switch on (IG).
The SRS warning light comes on for
approximately 6 seconds and the diagnosis of
the airbag system (including the seat belt
pretensioners) is performed.
HINT:
If trouble is detected during the primary check,
the SRS warning light remains on even after the RS
primary check period (for approximately 6
seconds) has elapsed.
(b) Constant check.
(1) After the primary check, the center airbag sensor
assembly constantly monitors the airbag system
for trouble.
HINT:
If trouble is detected during the constant check,
the center airbag sensor assembly functions as
follows:
• The SRS warning light comes on.
• The SRS warning light goes off, and then
comes on. This blinking pattern indicates a
source voltage drop. The SRS warning light
goes off 10 seconds after the source voltage
returns to normal.
(c) Review.
(1) When the airbag system is normal:
The SRS warning light comes on only during the
primary check period (for approximately 6
seconds after the ignition switch is turned on
(IG)).
(2) When the airbag system has trouble:
• The SRS warning light remains on even after
the primary check period has elapsed.