RS–25
SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM – AIRBAG SYSTEM
• The center airbag sensor assembly receives
signals from the deceleration sensor and the
electronic safing sensor built into the center
airbag sensor assembly and the rear airbag
sensor, and determines whether the curtain
shield airbag should be activated, and
diagnoses system malfunctions.
• The center airbag sensor assembly sends the
airbag deployment signal to the ECM through
CAN to operate the fuel pump control.
(2) Deceleration sensor and ignition control circuit
• The deceleration sensor is built into the
center airbag sensor assembly.
• The ignition control circuit performs
calculations based on the signal output from
the deceleration sensors of the center airbag
sensor assembly and front airbag sensor. If
the calculated values are greater than the
specified values, it activates ignition
operation.
(3) Safing sensor
• The safing sensor is built into the center
airbag sensor assembly. During a front
collision, the sensor turns on and outputs an
ON signal to the center airbag sensor
assembly if a deceleration rate sent to the
safing sensor is greater than the specified
value.
(4) Electronic safing sensor
RS
• The electronic safing sensor is built into the
center airbag sensor assembly. During a side
collision, the sensor turns on and outputs an
ON signal to the center airbag sensor
assembly if a deceleration rate sent to the
electronic safing sensor is greater than the
specified value.
(5) Backup power source
• The backup power source consists of a
power supply capacitor and a DC-DC
converter. When the power system does not
function during a collision, the power supply
capacitor discharges and supplies electric
power to the system. The DC-DC converter
operates as a boosting transformer when the
battery voltage falls below a predetermined
level.
(6) Diagnostic circuit
• This circuit constantly diagnoses system
malfunctions. When a malfunction is
detected, it turns on the SRS warning light on
the combination meter assembly to inform the
driver.