RS–1
SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM – AIRBAG SYSTEM
AIRBAG SYSTEM
PRECAUTION
CAUTION:
• The vehicle is equipped with a Supplemental Restraint
System (SRS). It consists of a driver airbag, front
passenger airbag, driver side knee airbag, side airbag,
curtain shield airbag, and front seat belt pretensioner.
Failure to carry out service operations in the correct
sequence could cause the SRS to unexpectedly
deploy during servicing, possibly leading to a serious
accident. Further, if a mistake is made in servicing the
SRS, it is possible that the SRS may fail to operate
when required. Before performing servicing (including
removal or installation of parts, inspection or
replacement), be sure to read the following items
carefully, then follow the correct procedures indicated
in the repair manual.
• Wait at least 90 seconds after the ignition switch is
turned off and the negative (-) terminal cable is
disconnected from the battery before starting the
operation.
(The SRS is equipped with a backup power source, so
if work is started within 90 seconds after
disconnecting the negative (-) terminal cable from the
battery, the SRS may be deployed.)
• Do not expose the steering pad, front passenger
airbag assembly, driver side knee airbag assembly,
RS
center airbag sensor assembly, front airbag sensor,
front seat inner belt assembly, seat position airbag
sensor, occupant classification ECU, front seat side
airbag assembly, side airbag sensor, curtain shield
airbag assembly, rear airbag sensor, or front seat
outer belt assembly directly to hot air or flames.
NOTICE:
• Malfunction symptoms of the SRS are difficult to
confirm, so DTCs are the most important source of
information when troubleshooting. When
troubleshooting the SRS, always inspect DTCs before
disconnecting the battery.
• Even in the case of a minor collision when the SRS
does not deploy, the steering pad, front passenger
airbag assembly, driver side knee airbag assembly,
center airbag sensor assembly, front airbag sensor,
front seat inner belt assembly, seat position airbag
sensor, occupant classification ECU, front seat side
airbag assembly, side airbag sensor, curtain shield
airbag assembly, rear airbag sensor, or front seat
outer belt assembly should be inspected.
• Before repair work, remove the airbag sensor if any
kind of shock is likely to occur to the airbag sensor
during the operation.
• Never use SRS parts from another vehicle. When
replacing parts, replace them with new ones.