RS–23
SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM – AIRBAG SYSTEM
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. GENERAL
(a) In conjunction with impact absorbing structure for a
front collision, the SRS (Supplemental Restraint
System) driver airbag, front passenger airbag, and
driver side knee airbag were designed to
supplement seat belts in the event of a front
collision in order to help reduce shock to the head
and chest of the driver and front passenger and
knee of the driver. This system is a 3-sensor type
airbag system to detect the impact during a front
collision using the center airbag sensor assembly
and front airbag sensors. It also operates the airbag
system and seat belt pretensioner.
(b) In order to detect the extent of the collision during
the initial stages of the collision in further details, the
front airbag sensors have been changed from
mechanical type to electrical type deceleration
sensors. Accordingly, the deployment of the driver
airbag and front passenger airbag is controlled in
two stages according to the severity of the impact.
(c) In conjunction with impact absorbing structure for a
side collision, the side airbag and curtain shield
airbag were designed to help reduce shock to the
driver, front passenger, and rear outer passengers
in the event of a side collision.
(d) The curtain shield airbag that helps reduce shock to
the front and rear seat occupants with a single
RS
curtain shield airbag has been adopted. In
conjunction with this system, the side airbag
sensors have been installed at the bottom of the
center pillars and the rear airbag sensors have been
installed at the bottom of the rear pillars.
(e) In this system, a front side collision is detected by
the side airbag sensor in order to simultaneously
deploy the side and curtain shield airbags. A rear
side collision is detected by the rear airbag sensor
and the center airbag sensor assembly in order to
deploy the curtain shield airbag.
(f) The center airbag sensor assembly sends the
airbag deployment signal to the ECM through CAN
(Controller Area Network) to operate the fuel pump
control.
2. CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATION
(a) FRONT AIRBAG SENSOR
(1) The front airbag sensors are installed on the
right and left radiator supports respectively.
(2) The front airbag sensor consists of the
deceleration sensor.