RS–2
SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM – AIRBAG SYSTEM
• Never disassemble or repair any of the following parts
in order to reuse them. If any of these parts have been
dropped, or a defect is found (e.g. cracks, dents or any
other defects) in any of the housings, brackets or
connectors, then replace the part with a new one.
(a)Steering Pad
(b)Front Passenger Airbag Assembly
(c)Driver Side Knee Airbag Assembly
(d)Front Seat Side Airbag Assembly
(e)Curtain Shield Airbag Assembly
(f) Center Airbag Sensor Assembly
(g)Front Airbag Sensor
(h)Front Seat Inner Belt Assembly
(i) Seat Position Airbag Sensor
(j) Occupant Classification ECU
(k)Side Airbag Sensor
(l) Rear Airbag Sensor
(m)Front Seat Outer Belt Assembly
• Use an volt/ohmmeter with high impedance (10 kΩ/V
minimum) for troubleshooting the electrical circuits.
• Information labels are attached near the SRS
components. Follow the instructions in the caution.
• After work on the SRS is completed, perform the SRS
warning light check (See page RS-32).
• When the negative (-) terminal cable is disconnected
from the battery, the memory will be cleared. Because
of this, be sure to make a record of the contents
memorized in each system before starting work. When
work is finished, adjust each system as it was before.
RS
Never attempt to avoid erasing vehicle system
memories by using a backup power supply from
outside the vehicle.
• If the vehicle is equipped with a mobile
communication system, refer to the precaution in the
INTRODUCTION section.
HINT:
In the airbag system, the center airbag sensor assembly, front
airbag sensor LH and RH, side airbag sensor LH and RH,
and rear airbag sensor LH and RH are collectively referred to
as the airbag sensors.
1. HANDLING PRECAUTIONS FOR AIRBAG SENSORS
(a) Before starting the following operations, wait for at
least 90 seconds after disconnecting the negative (-
) terminal cable from the battery:
(1) Replacement of the airbag sensors.
(2) Adjustment of the front/rear doors of the vehicle
equipped with the side airbag and curtain shield
airbag (fitting adjustment).
(b) When connecting or disconnecting the airbag
sensor connectors, ensure that each sensor is
installed in the vehicle.
(c) Do not use the airbag sensors which have been
dropped during the operation or transportation.
(d) Do not disassemble the airbag sensors.