RS–24
SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM – AIRBAG SYSTEM
(3) The deceleration sensor is built into the front
airbag sensor, and the distortion that is created
in the sensor is converted into an electric signal
based on the vehicle deceleration rate during a
frontal collision. Accordingly, the extent of the
initial collision can be detected in detail.
(b) SIDE AIRBAG SENSOR
(1) The side airbag sensors are installed on the
bottom of the right and left center pillars
respectively.
(2) The side airbag sensor consists of the
deceleration sensor and ignition control circuit.
(3) The deceleration sensor is built into the side
airbag sensor, and the distortion that is created
in the sensor is converted into an electric signal
based on the vehicle deceleration rate during a
front side collision. Accordingly, the extent of the
initial collision can be detected in detail.
(c) REAR AIRBAG SENSOR
(1) The rear airbag sensors are installed on the right
and left rear pillars respectively.
(2) The rear airbag sensor consists of the
deceleration sensor and ignition control circuit.
(3) The deceleration sensor is built into the rear
airbag sensor, and the distortion that is created
in the sensor is converted into an electric signal
based on the vehicle deceleration rate during a
rear side collision. Accordingly, the extent of the
initial collision can be detected in detail.
RS
(d) CENTER AIRBAG SENSOR ASSEMBLY
(1) General
• The center airbag sensor assembly is
installed on the center floor under the
instrument panel.
• The center airbag sensor assembly consists
of the deceleration sensor, safing sensor,
electronic safing sensor, ignition control
circuit, and diagnostic circuit.
• The center airbag sensor assembly receives
signals from the deceleration sensor and
safing sensor built into the center airbag
sensor assembly and front airbag sensor.
Then the center airbag sensor assembly
determines whether the driver airbag, front
passenger airbag, driver side knee airbag,
and front seat belt pretensioners should be
activated, and diagnoses system
malfunctions.
• The center airbag sensor assembly causes
the front seat side airbag assembly and the
curtain shield airbag assembly to deploy
when receiving signals from the side airbag
sensor.