SR–16
STEERING COLUMN – ELECTRIC STEERING LOCK
(b) Connect the cable of the intelligent tester to the
Intelligent Tester DLC3, turn the engine switch on (IG) and attempt to
use the tester. If the display indicates that a
communication error has occurred, there is a
problem either with the vehicle or with the tester.
• If communication is normal when the tester is
connected to another vehicle, inspect the DLC3
of the original vehicle.
• If communication is still not possible when the
tester is connected to another vehicle, the
problem may be in the tester itself. Consult the
Service Department listed in the tester's
instruction manual.
DLC3
CAN VIM
C131977E05
3. WARNING FUNCTION OF ENGINE SWITCH
Indicator Light INDICATOR
(a) The steering lock ECU blinks the LED indicator of
the engine switch when any of the following
problems occurs in the system:
SR
B083100E01
Detection Item Indicator Light Blink Pattern Indication Status Countermeasure
The motor operates to release the
• Blinks green at 1-second
steering lock, but the steering Push the engine switch while
intervals
Steering lock is still not released lock cannot be released (e.g. the turning the steering wheel left or
• Goes off 15 seconds after
lock bar is stuck in the steering right.
blinking starts
column).
• Blinks amber at 2-second • There is a short in the
Troubleshoot by following "HOW
intervals devices activating the motor.
Malfunction in smart access TO PROCEED WITH
• Goes off 15 seconds after the • There is a problem in the
system with push-button start TROUBLESHOOTING" (See
engine switch is turned off steering lock ECU or power
page SR-7).
while blinking source control ECU.
4. WARNING FUNCTION OF COMBINATION METER
(a) The steering lock ECU displays a warning on the
combination meter when any of the following
problems occurs in the system.
Detection Item Display Indication Status Countermeasure
The motor operates to release the
"S/T is not Unlocked" steering lock, but the steering Push the engine switch while
Steering lock is still not released • Goes off 15 seconds after lock cannot be released (e.g. the turning the steering wheel left or
blinking starts lock bar is stuck in the steering right.
column).
• There is a short in the
"Check S/T Lock" Troubleshoot by following "HOW
devices activating the motor.
• Goes off 15 seconds after the TO PROCEED WITH
Malfunction in push start system • There is a problem in the
engine switch is turned off TROUBLESHOOTING" (See
steering lock ECU or power
while blinking page SR-7).
source control ECU.