TD–54
THEFT DETERRENT – THEFT DETERRENT SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
PROBLEM SYMPTOMS TABLE
HINT:
• Troubleshooting of the theft deterrent system is based on
the premise that the door lock control system and the
wireless door lock control system are operating normally.
Accordingly, before troubleshooting the theft deterrent
system, first make certain that the door lock control system
and the wireless door lock control system are operating
normally.
• The following is the troubleshooting procedure for the theft
deterrent system of a vehicle without the smart key
system.
• Inspect the fuse and relay before investigating the
suspected areas shown in the table below.
Theft deterrent system:
Symptom Suspected area See page
1. Security indicator light circuit TD-72
2. ECU power source circuit TD-75
3. Unlock warning switch circuit DL-205
4. Door key lock / unlock switch DL-53
Theft deterrent system cannot be set 5. Door courtesy switch circuit LI-52
6. Luggage compartment door courtesy switch circuit DL-44
7. Engine hood courtesy switch circuit TD-60
8. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above areas are -
inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU (Instrument panel J/B)
1. Security indicator light circuit TD-72
Security indicator does not blink when theft deterrent 2. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above area is -
system is set inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU RH (Instrument Panel J/B)
1. Ignition switch circuit TD-68
TD 2. Unlock warning switch circuit DL-205
Alarm sounding state cannot be canceled when
ignition switch turned ON 3. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above areas are -
inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU (Instrument panel J/B)
1. Door courtesy switch circuit LI-52
Theft deterrent system can be set even when a door is 2. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above area is -
open inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU (Instrument panel J/B)
1. Horn circuit TD-62
Vehicle horns (low pitched, high pitched) do not sound 2. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above area is -
while theft deterrent system is in warning operation inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU (Instrument panel J/B)
1. Wire harness -
2. Turn signal flasher LI-138
Hazard warning lights do not flash while theft deterrent
system is in warning operation 3. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above area is -
inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU (Instrument panel J/B)
1. Interior light circuit LI-57
Interior light does not light up while theft deterrent 2. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above area is -
system is in warning operation inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU (Instrument panel J/B)
1. Security horn circuit TD-64
Security horn does not sound while theft deterrent 2. If the symptom(s) still occur after the above area is -
system is in warning operation inspected and proved to be normal, replace the main body
ECU (Instrument panel J/B)