TD–8
THEFT DETERRENT – THEFT DETERRENT SYSTEM (w/ Smart Key System)
Condition Item
Condition (2) After condition (1) is met, allow approx. 30 seconds to elapse.
1. Unlock any door.
2. Open any door, engine hood, or luggage compartment door.
Condition (3)
3. Turn the engine switch on (IG or ACC).
4. Reconnect battery.
1. Open engine hood.
2. Open luggage compartment door.
Condition (4) 3. Reconnect battery.
4. Open any door.
5. Unlock any door when all doors are locked without wireless operation.
1. Unlock only driver's door or all doors by wireless operation.
Condition (5) 2. Unlock only driver's door or all doors by key operation.
3. Turn the engine switch on (IG) and run the engine more than 2 seconds.
Condition (6) After approx. 60 seconds, alarm stops and system returns to armed state.
1. Open the luggage compartment door by wireless operation.
Condition (7)
2. Unlock the luggage compartment door by key operation.
1. Close the engine hood when the luggage compartment door is closed.
Condition (8)
2. Close the luggage compartment door when the engine hood is closed.
1. Unlock any door.
2. Open any door.
Condition (9)
3. Turn the engine switch from off to on (IG or ACC).
4. Reconnect the battery.
In the disarmed state 1, when the key is not in the actuation area, the system state is switched if
one of the following conditions is met.
1. With all doors closed, and the engine hood or luggage compartment door is opened, lock all
doors by wireless operation.
Condition (10)
2. With all doors closed, and the engine hood or luggage compartment door is opened, lock all
doors by key operation.
3. With the engine hood or luggage compartment door is opened and all doors locked with any
door still opened, close the open door.
4. PASSIVE ARMING MODE
HINT:
• Passive arming mode starts the alarm control after
the key is out of the actuation area and doors are
closed.
TD
• Passive arming mode can be switched ON/OFF by
the specified method.
• The alarm is initially set (when shipped from factory)
to active arming mode (not passive arming mode).
• During passive arming mode, the theft deterrent
system goes into the armed state even if the doors
are not locked.
• Detecting that the doors are unlocked does not set off
the alarm during passive arming mode.
• A forced door lock signal is not output during passive
arming mode (see FORCED DOOR LOCK
CONTROL).
• Although the theft deterrent system detects that the
doors are opened during passive arming mode, the
alarm will not go off immediately because an entry
delay time is set.
• If the condition (1) of active arming mode is met
during passive arming mode, the theft deterrent
system will switch to active arming mode.