TD–44
THEFT DETERRENT – THEFT DETERRENT SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. OUTLINE OF THEFT DETERRENT SYSTEM
• The theft deterrent system will operate when
somebody attempts to forcibly enter the vehicle,
unlock any door or luggage compartment door or
open the engine hood or the luggage compartment
door without using the key.
This system causes the lights to light up or blink and
the horns to sound in order to deter break-in and theft.
• The theft deterrent system has 2 modes; one is the
active arming mode (see ACTIVE ARMING MODE)
and the other is passive arming mode (see PASSIVE
ARMING MODE). The passive arming mode can be
switched ON/OFF using the specified method.
• Each mode has 4 states; a disarmed state, an arming
preparation state, an armed state and an alarm
sounding state.
(a) Disarmed state:
• The alarm function is not operating.
• The theft deterrent system is not operating.
(b) Arming preparation state:
• The time until the system goes into the armed
state.
• The theft deterrent system is not operating.
(c) Armed state:
• The theft deterrent system is operating.
(d) Alarm sounding state:
• Alarm function is operating.
Alarm time:
Approx. 60 sec.
Refer to table below for alarm method and time:
TD Headlight Blinking
Taillight Blinking
Hazard Warning Light Blinking
Alarm Method Interior Light Illuminating
Sounding
Vehicle Horn
(approx. 0.4 second cycles)
Sounding
Security Horn
(approx. 0.4 second cycles)
Alarm Time Approx. 60 sec.
HINT:
If any of the doors are unlocked when the key is not
in the key cylinder during the armed state, a forced
door lock signal will be output (see FORCED DOOR
LOCK CONTROL).
2. FUNCTION OF MAIN COMPONENT
Component Function
Security indicator Informs driver of theft deterrent system status.
Security horn Sounds when attempted brake-in or theft is detected.
Headlights Blink when attempted break-in or theft is detected.
Taillights Blink when attempted break-in or theft is detected.
Hazard warning lights Blinking when attempted break-in or theft is detected.