TD–46
THEFT DETERRENT – THEFT DETERRENT SYSTEM (w/o Smart Key System)
HINT:
• *1: Disarmed state 1 is the normal disarmed
state.
• *2: Disarmed state 2 is set from either the
disarmed state 1 or the arming preparation state.
Condition Item
In the disarmed state 1, when the key is not in the key cylinder, the system state is switched if one
of the following conditions is met.
1. With all doors, engine hood and luggage compartment door closed, lock all doors by key
operation.
Condition (1)
2. With all doors, engine hood and luggage compartment door closed, lock all doors by wireless
operation.
3. With engine hood and luggage compartment door closed, close and lock the open door without
using key.
Condition (2) After condition (1) is met, allow approx. 30 seconds to elapse.
1. Unlock any door.
2. Open any door, engine hood, and luggage compartment door.
Condition (3) 3. Insert key into ignition key cylinder.
4. Turn the ignition switch ON or ACC.
5. Reconnect battery.
1. Open engine hood.
2. Open luggage compartment door.
3. Reconnect battery.
Condition (4)
4. Open any door.
5. Unlock any door when all doors are locked.
6. Turn the ignition switch ON without using key.
1. Unlock only driver's door or all doors by wireless operation.
Condition (5) 2. Unlock only driver's door or all doors by key operation.
3. Turn the ignition switch ON and run the engine for more than 2 seconds.
Condition (6) After approx. 60 seconds, alarm stops and system returns to armed state.
1. Open the luggage compartment door by wireless operation.
Condition (7)
2. Unlock the luggage compartment door by key operation.
1. Close the engine hood when the luggage compartment door is closed.
Condition (8)
2. Close the luggage compartment door when the engine hood is closed.
1. Unlock any door.
2. Open any door.
TD
Condition (9) 3. Insert key into ignition key cylinder.
4. Turn the ignition switch ON or ACC.
5. Reconnect the battery.
In the disarmed state 1, when the key is not in the key cylinder, the system state is switched if one
of the following conditions is met.
1. With all doors closed, and the engine hood or luggage compartment door is opened, lock all
doors by wireless operation.
Condition (10)
2. With all doors closed, and the engine hood or luggage compartment door is opened, lock all
doors by key operation.
3. With the engine hood or luggage compartment door is opened and all doors locked with any
door still opened, close the open door.
4. PASSIVE ARMING MODE
HINT:
• Passive arming mode starts the alarm control after
the key is out of the actuation area and doors are
closed.
• Passive arming mode can be switched ON/OFF by
the specified method.
• The alarm is initially set (when shipped from factory)
to active arming mode (not passive arming mode).
• During passive arming mode, the theft deterrent
system goes into the armed state even if the doors
are not locked.