TW–12
TIRE AND WHEEL – TIRE PRESSURE WARNING SYSTEM
• A radio device of similar frequency is used in the
vehicle.
• A large amount of snow or ice is stuck to the
vehicle, especially onto the wheels and around
the wheel houses.
• The battery of the sensor has been depleted.
• The tires without tire pressure warning valve and
transmitter are used.
• Tire chains are used.
• When the ground spare tire is not within the
receivable range of the electric wave, a signal
may not be received because the ground spare
tire is fixed. Accordingly, the system may not
function properly. If there is a possibility that the
tire pressure warning system does not receive a
signal from the grounde spare tire, rotate the tire
TW 90°.
• If any wheels other than the specified ones are
used, the system may not function properly
because interference may prevent the radio
waves from being correctly transmitted from the
tire pressure sensor.
• Depending on the tire type, the system may not
function properly even though the specified
wheels are used.
(c) The average usage life of the grommet of the tire
pressure warning valve and transmitter is
approximately 5 years, at which time it must be
replaced.
Re-tighten the valve nut if the valve is leaking air,
although it is less than 5 years old and there is no
problem with grommets.
(d) After removing and installing the ECU or a sensor,
check for a diagnostic code and verify that it is a
normal code.
3. FUNCTION OF COMPONENTS
Components Function
Combined as a single unit with a disc wheel air valve, it measures tire pressure and
Tire pressure warning valve and transmitter temperature and transmits an ID number for measurement value and identification.
Built-in the battery.
Receives and transmits a necessary signal from the transmitter to the tire pressure
Tire pressure warning antenna and receiver
warning ECU.
Receives the signal from the receiver and identifies it as vehicle's own signal. If the
Tire pressure warning ECU measured value is equal to or lower than the specified value, it transmits a signal so
that the air pressure warning light on the combination meter comes on.
Located in the combination meter, it informs the driver of lowered tire air pressure
Tire pressure warning light
and system failure.
Tire pressure warning reset switch Enters the initialization mode for tire or wheel replacement.