AX–80
U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE – AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE SYSTEM
Torque Converter Clutch Solenoid Performance
DTC P0741
(Shift Solenoid Valve SL)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
The TCM uses signals from the throttle position sensor, air-flow meter, turbine (input) speed sensor,
AX
intermediate (counter) speed sensor and crankshaft position sensor to help determine the engagement
timing of the lock-up clutch. The TCM monitors the engagement of the clutch using the turbine (input)
speed sensor, intermediate (counter) speed sensor and crankshaft position sensor.
Then the TCM compares the engagement condition of the lock-up clutch with the lock-up schedule in the
TCM memory to detect shift solenoid valve SL, valve body and torque converter clutch mechanical
problems.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
• Shift solenoid valve SL remains closed
When both of the following are detected (2-trip
• Valve body is blocked
detection logic):
P0741 • Torque converter clutch
• Lock-up does not occur when requested.
• Automatic transaxle (clutch, brake or gear etc.)
• Transmission fluid pressure switch No. 3 is ON.
• Line pressure is too low
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
Torque converter lock-up is controlled by the TCM based on the speed sensor (NT), speed sensor (NC),
engine rpm, engine load, engine temperature, vehicle speed, transmission fluid temperature, and gear
selection. The TCM determines the lock-up status of the torque converter by comparing the engine rpm
(NE) to the input turbine rpm (NT). The TCM calculates the actual transmission gear by comparing the
input turbine rpm (NT) to the counter gear rpm (NC). When conditions are appropriate, the TCM requests
"lock-up" by applying control voltage to the shift solenoid SL. When the SL is turned on, it applies pressure
to the lock-up relay valve and locks the torque converter clutch.
If the TCM detects no lock-up after lock-up has been requested or if it detects lock-up when it is not
requested, the TCM interprets this as a fault in the shift solenoid valve SL or lock-up system performance.
The TCM will turn on the MIL and store the DTC.
HINT:
Example:
When any of the following is met, the system judges it as a malfunction.
• There is a difference in rotation between the input side (engine speed) and output side (input turbine
speed) of the torque converter when the TCM commands lock-up.
(Engine speed is at least 70 rpm greater than the input turbine speed.)
• There is no difference in rotation between the input side (engine speed) and output side (input turbine
speed) of the torque converter when the TCM commands lock-up off.
(The difference between the engine speed and input turbine speed is less than 20 rpm.)
MONITOR STRATEGY
P0741:
Related DTCs Shift solenoid valve SL OFF malfunction
Shift solenoid valve SL ON malfunction
Shift solenoid valve SL, Speed sensor (NT), Speed sensor (NC), Crankshaft
position sensor (NE), Throttle position sensor (VPA1), Mass air flow sensor
Required sensors/Components
(MAF), Transmission temperature sensor (THO1), Engine coolant temperature
sensor (ECT)
Frequency of operation Continuous
OFF malfunction
Duration
3.5 sec.
MIL operation 2 driving cycles
Sequence of operation None