AX–41
U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE – AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE SYSTEM
DIAGNOSIS SYSTEM
1. DESCRIPTION
(a) When troubleshooting On-Board Diagnostic (OBD
II) vehicles, the vehicle must be connected to the
OBD II scan tool (complying with SAE J1987).
Various data output from the vehicle's TCM can be AX
read then.
(b) OBD II regulations require that the vehicle's on-
board computer illuminate the Malfunction Indicator
Lamp (MIL) on the instrument panel when the
computer detects a malfunction in:
(1) The emission control system/components
(2) The power train control components (which
affect vehicle emissions)
(3) The computer
In addition, the applicable Diagnostic Trouble
Codes (DTCs) prescribed by SAE J2012 are
FI00534E01
recorded in the TCM memory.
If the malfunction does not reoccur in 3
consecutive trips, the MIL turns off automatically
but the DTCs remain recorded in the TCM
memory.
(c) To check DTCs, connect the intelligent tester to the
Intelligent Tester
Data Link Connector 3 (DLC3) of the vehicle. The
intelligent tester displays DTCs, the freeze frame
data and a variety of the engine data.
The DTCs and freeze frame data can be erased
with the intelligent tester (See page AX-38).
2. NORMAL MODE AND CHECK MODE
(a) The diagnosis system operates in "normal mode"
during normal vehicle use. In normal mode, "2 trip
detection logic" is used to ensure accurate detection
of malfunctions. "Check mode" is also available to
technicians as an option. In check mode, "1 trip
detection logic" is used for simulating malfunction
DLC3
symptoms and increasing the system's ability to
CAN VIM
detect malfunctions, including intermittent
C131977E05
malfunctions.
3. 2 TRIP DETECTION LOGIC
(a) When a malfunction is first detected, the
malfunction is temporarily stored in the TCM
memory (1st trip). If the ignition switch is turned off
and then on (IG) again, and the same malfunction is
detected again, the MIL will illuminate.
4. FREEZE FRAME DATA
(a) The TCM records vehicle and driving condition
information as freeze frame data the moment a DTC
is stored. When troubleshooting, freeze frame data
can be helpful in determining whether the vehicle
was running or stopped, whether the engine was
warmed up or not, whether the air/fuel ratio was
lean or rich, as well as other data recorded at the
time of a malfunction.