AX–137
U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE – AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE SYSTEM
Torque Converter Clutch Pressure Control
DTC P2757 Solenoid Performance (Shift Solenoid Valve
SLU)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION AX
The TCM uses the signals from the throttle position sensor, air-flow meter, turbine (input) speed sensor,
output speed sensor and crankshaft position sensor to monitor the engagement condition of the lock-up
clutch.
Hydraulic
Spool Valve Pressure
Sleeve
Solenoid Coil Current
C133226E01
The TCM compares the engagement condition of the lock-up clutch with the lock-up schedule in the TCM
memory to detect shift solenoid valve SLU, valve body and torque converter clutch mechanical problems.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
When both of the following are detected (2-trip
detection logic):
• Lock-up does not occur when requested.
• Shift solenoid valve SLU remains open or closed
• Transmission fluid pressure switch No. 3 is OFF.
• Valve body is blocked
When both of the following are detected (2-trip
P2757 • Torque converter clutch
detection logic):
• Automatic transaxle (clutch, brake or gear, etc.)
• Transmission fluid pressure switch No. 3 is ON
• Line pressure is too low
when lock-up does not occur.
• Lock-up occurs when the shift solenoid valve SLU
is requested to turn on in the lock-up range.
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
Torque converter lock-up is controlled by the TCM based on the turbine (input) speed sensor NT, output
speed sensor NC, engine rpm, engine load, engine temperature, vehicle speed, transmission fluid
temperature, and gear selection. The TCM determines the lock-up status of the torque converter by
comparing the engine rpm (NE) to the input turbine rpm (NT). The TCM calculates the actual transmission
gear by comparing input turbine rpm (NT) to output shaft rpm (NC). When conditions are appropriate, the
TCM requests "lock-up" by applying control voltage to the shift solenoid SLU. When the SLU is turned on,
it applies pressure to the lock-up relay valve and locks the torque converter clutch.
If the TCM detects no lock-up after lock-up has been requested or if it detects lock-up when it is not
requested, the TCM interprets this as a fault in the shift solenoid valve SLU or lock-up system
performance.
The TCM will turn on the MIL and store the DTC.
Example:
When any of the following is met, the system judges it as a malfunction.