AX–127
U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE – AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE SYSTEM
Pressure Control Solenoid "D" Performance
DTC P2714
(Shift Solenoid Valve SLT)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
The linear solenoid valve (SLT) controls the transmission line pressure for smooth transmission operation
AX
based on signals from the throttle position sensor and the vehicle speed sensor. The TCM adjusts the
duty ratio (*) of the SLT solenoid valve to control hydraulic line pressure coming from the primary regulator
valve. Appropriate line pressure assures smooth shifting with varying engine outputs.
(*): Duty Ratio
The duty ratio is the ratio of the period of continuity in one cycle. For example, if A is the period of
continuity in one cycle, and B is the period of non-continuity, then
Duty Ratio= A/(A+B) x 100 (%)
Spool Valve
Hydraulic
Sleeve
Solenoid Coil
A
ON
B
OFF
1 Cycle Current
C133225E01
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
The ECM detects a malfunction in the shift solenoid • Shift solenoid valve SLT remains open
valve SLT (ON side) according to the difference in the • Shift solenoid valve SL1, SL2, SL3 or SL4 remains
P2714 speed between the turbine and the output shaft, and open or closed
also by the transmission fluid pressure. (2-trip detection • Valve body is blocked
logic) • Automatic transaxle (clutch, brake or gear, etc.)
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The TCM calculates the amount of heat absorbed by the friction material based on the difference in
revolution (clutch slippage) between the turbine and output shaft. The TCM turns on the MIL and outputs
this DTC when the amount of heat absorption exceeds the specified value.
When the shift solenoid valve SLT remains on, oil pressure goes down and clutch engagement force
decreases.
NOTICE:
If driving continues under these conditions, the clutches will burn out and the vehicle will no
longer be drivable.
MONITOR STRATEGY
Related DTCs P2714: Shift solenoid valve SLT/ON malfunction
Required sensors/Components Shift solenoid valve SLT
Frequency of operation Continuous
Duration Immediate
MIL operation 2 driving cycles
Sequence of operation None