AX–148
U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE – AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE SYSTEM
Pressure Control Solenoid "D" Performance or
DTC P2808
Stuck OFF (Shift Solenoid Valve SL4)
DESCRIPTION
The TCM uses the vehicle speed signal to determine the actual gear position (1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th or 6th
AX
gear).
Then the TCM compares the actual gear with the shift schedule in the TCM memory to detect shift
solenoid valves and valve body mechanical problems.
DTC No. DTC Detecting Condition Trouble Area
The engine revs freely when 3rd or 5th gear is
requested. (2-trip detection logic)
When any of the following is detected. In addition, the
• Shift solenoid valve SL4 remains open or closed
condition that 4th gear is engaged when 4th gear is
P2808 • Valve body is blocked
requested occurs twice. (2-trip detection logic)
• Automatic transaxle (clutch, brake or gear etc.)
• When 1st gear is requested, 4th gear is engaged.
• When 2nd gear is requested, 4th gear is engaged.
• When 6th gear is requested, 4th gear is engaged.
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The TCM commands gear shifts by turning the shift solenoid valves on or off. According to the input shaft
revolution, intermediate (counter) shaft revolution and output shaft revolution, the TCM detects the actual
gear position (1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th gear position). When the gear position commanded by the TCM
and the actual gear position are not the same, the TCM illuminates the MIL and stores the DTC.
MONITOR STRATEGY
P2808:
Related DTCs Shift solenoid valve SL4/OFF malfunction
Shift solenoid valve SL4/ON malfunction
Shift solenoid valve SL4, Speed sensor (NT), Speed sensor (NC), Crankshaft
Required sensors/Components
position sensor (NE)
Frequency of operation Continuous
OFF malfunction (A): 0.5 sec.
Duration OFF malfunction (B): 0.8 sec.
ON malfunction: 0.8 sec.
MIL operation 2 driving cycles
Sequence of operation None
TYPICAL ENABLING CONDITIONS
All:
Turbine speed sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Intermediate shaft speed sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL1 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL2 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL3 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL4 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
ETC (Engine coolant temperature) sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Knock control sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Electronic throttle system Circuit is not malfunctioning
CAN communication system Circuit is not malfunctioning
Transmission range "D"
Transmission fluid temperature Above -10°C (5°F)