AX–85
U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE – AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE SYSTEM
Pressure Control Solenoid "A" Performance
DTC P0746
(Shift Solenoid Valve SL1)
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
The TCM uses the vehicle speed signal to determine the actual gear position (1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th or 6th
AX
gear).
Then the TCM compares the actual gear with the shift schedule in the TCM memory to detect mechanical
problems of the shift solenoid valves and valve body.
DTC No. DTC Detecting Condition Trouble Area
The engine revs freely when 1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th gear
is requested (2-trip detection logic).
• Shift solenoid valve SL1 remains open or closed
When either of the following is detected twice (2-trip
P0746 • Valve body is blocked
detection logic):
• Automatic transaxle (clutch, brake or gear etc.)
• When 5th gear is requested, 4th gear is engaged.
• When 6th gear is requested, 4th gear is engaged
MONITOR DESCRIPTION
The TCM commands gear shifts by turning the shift solenoid valves on or off. According to the input shaft
revolution, intermediate (counter) shaft revolution and output shaft revolution, the TCM detects the actual
gear position (1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th or 6th gear position). When the gear position commanded by the
TCM and the actual gear position are not the same, the TCM illuminates the MIL.
MONITOR STRATEGY
P0746:
Related DTCs Shift solenoid valve SL1 OFF malfunction
Shift solenoid valve SL1 ON malfunction
Shift solenoid valve SL1, Speed sensor (NT), Speed sensor (NC), Crankshaft
Required sensors/Components
position sensor (NE)
Frequency of operation Continuous
ON malfunction: 0.8 sec.
Duration
OFF malfunction: 0.5 sec.
MIL operation 2 driving cycles
Sequence of operation None
TYPICAL ENABLING CONDITIONS
ALL:
P0115 - P0118 (ECT sensor)
P0125 (Insufficient ECT for closed loop)
The monitor will run whenever this DTC is not present.
P0500 (VSS)
P0748, P0778, P0798 (Shift solenoid valve (range))
Transmission range "D"
TFT (Transmission fluid temperature) Above -10°C (14°F)
ECT sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Turbine speed sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Intermediate shaft speed sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Knock control sensor circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL1 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL2 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL3 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Shift solenoid valve SL4 circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
CAN communication circuit Circuit is not malfunctioning
Electronic throttle system Circuit is not malfunctioning