AX–1
U660E AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE – AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE SYSTEM
AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE
SYSTEM
PRECAUTION
NOTICE: AX
• If the following parts have been replaced, initialize the
TCM and perform a road test to allow the TCM to learn
(See page AX-25).
– Valve body assembly
– Shift solenoid SL3
– Shift solenoid SL4
• If the following parts have been replaced, perform a
road test to allow the TCM to learn (See page AX-25).
– Shift solenoid SL1
– Shift solenoid SL2
• If the TCM or transaxle has been replaced, register the
transmission compensation code in the TCM (See
page AX-19).
• Perform the RESET MEMORY (AT initialization) when
replacing the automatic transmission assembly,
engine assembly or ECM (See page AX-25).
1. The automatic transaxle is composed of highly
precision-finished parts which need careful inspection
before reassembly. Even a small nick could cause
fluid leakage or affect transmission performance. The
instructions here are organized so that you work on
only one component group at a time. This will help
avoid confusion caused by similar-looking parts of
different sub-assemblies being on your workbench at
the same time. The component groups are inspected
and repaired from the converter housing side.
Complete as much as possible of the inspection,
repair and reassembly before proceeding to the next
component group. If a defect is found in a certain
component group during reassembly, inspect and
repair this group immediately. If a component group
cannot be assembled because some parts are being
ordered, be sure to keep all parts of the group in a
separate container while proceeding with
disassembly, inspection, repair and reassembly of
other component groups. Recommended: ATF WS
2. All disassembled parts should be washed clean and
any fluid passages and holes should be blown
through with compressed air.
3. Dry all parts with compressed air. Never use a shop
rag or a piece of cloth to dry them.
4. When using compressed air, always aim away from
yourself to prevent accidentally spraying ATF or
kerosene in your face.
5. Only recommended automatic transmission fluid or
kerosene should be used for cleaning.