WS–9
WINDSHIELD / WINDOWGLASS – POWER WINDOW CONTROL SYSTEM
INITIALIZATION
1. INITIALIZE POWER WINDOW REGULATOR MOTOR
FRONT LH (WITH JAM PROTECTION)
NOTICE:
• If the power window motor or power window
regulator assembly is replaced, initialization is WS
required (initialization is not necessary when the
negative battery terminal is disconnected and
reconnected).
• No other electrical systems should be operated
during initialization. Initialization will be
interrupted if a voltage drop occurs in the power
being supplied to the power window motor.
• Replacing the door glass or door glass run may
cause a difference to exist between the current
door glass position and the position memorized
in the ECU. In this case, the jam protection
function may work improperly. Return the system
to the pre-initialized condition and reinitialize the
system.
HINT:
• The AUTO UP function will not work unless
initialization is completed.
• The indicator on the power window master switch will
blink when the ignition switch is ON, until initialization
has been completed. The indicator will remain on
after initialization is successfully completed.
(a) Connect the negative battery terminal.
(b) Turn the ignition switch on (IG). The indicator on the
power window master switch will blink.
(c) Fully close the door glass by operating the power
window master switch. After the door glass stops,
hold the power window master switch in the AUTO
UP position for 1 second or more.
(d) Check that the indicator on the power window
master switch remains on.
HINT:
If the indicator does not remain on, this means that
initialization has not been completed successfully. In
this case, lower the door glass at least 50 mm (1.96
in.) and hold the power window master switch in the
AUTO UP position for 1 second after the window
closes fully.
2. TO RETURN THE SYSTEM TO THE PRE-INITIALIZES
CONDITION
Disconnect the power window regulator motor connector
during power window operation. This will return the
motor to the pre-initialized condition.