WS–4
WINDSHIELD / WINDOWGLASS – POWER WINDOW CONTROL SYSTEM
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
1. POWER WINDOW CONTROL SYSTEM
DESCRIPTION
(a) The power window control system controls the
power window operation using the power window
WS regulator motors. The main controls of this system
are the power window regulator master switch,
which is mounted on the driver side door, and the
power window regulator switches, which are
mounted on the passenger side door and rear
doors. Operating a window switch results in
electrical power being transmitted to the
corresponding power window regulator motor.
(b) The power window control system has the following
functions:
Function Outline
Function that causes window to go up while power window switch is
Manual up-and-down function being pulled halfway up and to go down while pushed halfway down.
Window stops as soon as the switch is released.
Function that enables windows of driver's doors to be fully opened or
Driver's door auto up-and-down function *
closed by one press of power window switch.
Function that automatically stops power window and moves it
Jam protection function downward if a foreign object gets jammed in door window during auto-
up operation.
Function that allows power window master switch to control MANUAL
Remote control function up-and-down operations of front passenger door window and rear
door windows.
Function that makes it possible to operate power window for approx.
Key-off operation function 45 seconds after ignition switch is turned on (ACC) or off, if either front
door is not opened.
Function that causes window to go up while driver's door key is turned
to lock side for more than 1.5 seconds and to go down while turned to
Key-linked up-and-down function
unlock side for more than 1.5 seconds. Window stops as soon as the
key is returned to original position.
Function that allows the power window switch to make a diagnosis for
failed section when power window switch detects a malfunction in
Diagnosis
power window system. Power window switch light comes on or blinks
to inform driver.
A fail-safe function to disable a part of power window functions if pulse
sensor in power window motor has a malfunction:
Fail-safe
Driver's door auto up-and-down function and remote control function
are disabled.
*: with Jam Protection