WS–27
WINDSHIELD / WINDOWGLASS – POWER WINDOW CONTROL SYSTEM
DTC B2313 Glass Position Initialization Incomplete
DESCRIPTION
The portion of the power window control system that is located in the driver door consists of a power
window master switch, regulator, and a motor with an integrated ECU. The driver door power window
WS
regulator motor is controlled by the ECU when the power window master switch is operated (models with
jam protection).
When the ECU determines that the driver's door power window regulator motor assembly has not been
initialized, DTC B2313 is set.
NOTICE:
The power window control system uses a serial communication protocol (LIN) to communicate
with the main body ECU. Inspect the communication function by following HOW TO PROCEED
WITH TROUBLESHOOTING. Troubleshoot the power window control system after confirming that
the communication system is functioning properly.
HINT:
• Replacing the door glass or door glass run may cause a difference to exist between the current door
glass position and the position memorized in the ECU. In this case, the jam protection function may
work improperly. Return the system to the pre-initialized condition and reinitialize the system.
• To return the system to the pre-initialized condition:
Disconnect the power window regulator motor connector during power window operation. This will
return the motor to the pre-initialized condition.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
• The power window regulator motor (on • Power window regulator motor (on driver
driver side) is not initialized side)
B2313
• The power window regulator motor (on • Power window regulator motor (on driver
driver side) malfunctions side) not initialized
INSPECTION PROCEDURE
NOTICE:
When using the intelligent tester to troubleshoot the LIN communication line: Connect the
intelligent tester to the vehicle, and turn the courtesy light switch on and off at 1.5 second
intervals until communication between the tester and vehicle begins.
1 CHECK DTC OUTPUT
(a) Turn the ignition switch off.
(b) Wait for at least 10 seconds, and then turn the ignition
switch on (IG).
(c) Check whether the DTC output recurs.
Result
Display (DTC Output) Proceed to
B2313 A
No output B
B END
A