WS–22
WINDSHIELD / WINDOWGLASS – POWER WINDOW CONTROL SYSTEM
DTC B2311 Driver Door Motor Malfunction
DESCRIPTION
The portion of the power window control system that is located in the driver door consists of a power
window master switch, regulator, and a motor with an integrated ECU. The driver door power window
WS
regulator motor is controlled by the ECU when the power window master switch is operated (models with
jam protection).
DTC B2311 is set when the ECU for the driver door power window regulator motor assembly
malfunctions.
NOTICE:
The power window control system uses a serial communication protocol (LIN) to communicate
with the main body ECU. Inspect the communication function by following HOW TO PROCEED
WITH TROUBLESHOOTING. Troubleshoot the power window control system after confirming that
the communication system is functioning properly.
HINT:
• Initialization is required only when the power window regulator motor is replaced. However, replacing
the motor may cause the motor gear to be engaged in a different position. This can cause a difference
to exist between the current door glass position and the position memorized in the ECU. In this case,
the jam protection function may work improperly. Return the system to the pre-initialized condition and
reinitialize the system.
• To return the system to the pre-initialized condition:
Disconnect the power window regulator motor connector during power window operation. This will
return the motor to the pre-initialized condition.
DTC No. DTC Detection Condition Trouble Area
When either condition below is met:
• Battery disconnection when the ignition
• The power window regulator motor (on
switch is on (IG)
driver side) malfunctions
• Power window regulator motor (on driver
• When the ECU in the power widow
side)
B2311 regulator motor (on driver side)
• Incorrect installation of power window
determines that the fully closed window
components
position has deviated approximately 20
• Overheated power window regulator
mm (0.79 in.) or more from the normal
motor (on driver side)
position
INSPECTION PROCEDURE
1 INITIALIZE POWER WINDOW CONTROL SYSTEM
(a) Initialize the power window regulator motor assembly (on
the driver side) (see page WS-8).
(b) Check that the power window operates normally by
opening and closing the window.
OK:
Driver side power window operates normally.
NG REPLACE POWER WINDOW REGULATOR
MOTOR ASSEMBLY (for Driver Side)
OK