WS–19
WINDSHIELD / WINDOWGLASS – POWER WINDOW CONTROL SYSTEM
FAIL-SAFE CHART
1. POWER WINDOW OPERATION IN FAIL-SAFE MODE
HINT:
If the pulse sensor built into the power window regulator
motor (on the driver side) malfunctions, the power
window control system enters fail-safe mode. WS
Fail mode Fail Detection Condition
With the door glass going up or down, the pulse that indicates door
Pulse direction error
glass operation in the opposite direction is detected for 400 msec.
With the door glass going up or down, no pulse is detected for 350 to
Pulse stop error
450 msec.
(a) The power window control system prohibits the
following power window operation when the pulse
sensor for the jam protection function has problems
and the window position or the learned value is
abnormal.
Power window control system
Key-off
Key-off
(After approx. 45 seconds
Power window operation Ignition switch on (IG) (Within approx. 45 seconds
elapsed after ignition switch
after ignition switch turned off)
turned off)
Manual UP Operation prohibited Operation prohibited Operation prohibited
Operative
Manual DOWN Operation prohibited Operation prohibited
(Jam protection not operative)
AUTO UP Operative
(hold switch at AUTO UP (in MANUAL mode) Operation prohibited Operation prohibited
position) (Jam protection not operative)
AUTO UP Operation prohibited Operation prohibited Operation prohibited
AUTO DOWN Operation prohibited Operation prohibited Operation prohibited
HINT:
When the pulse sensor is normal, the AUTO UP /
DOWN function can be resumed by deactivating
fail-safe mode. To deactivate fail-safe mode, pull up
the driver door power window switch to the AUTO
UP position and hold it for at least 1 second to fully
close the window from the fully open position.
(b) If the LIN communication system malfunctions
(communication blackout), the power window
control system prohibits the following operations.
LIN communication system
Power window operation Ignition switch on (IG)
MANUAL UP Operative (Jam protection operative)
MANUAL DOWN Operative (Jam protection not operative)
AUTO UP (hold switch at AUTO UP position) Operative (Jam protection operative)
AUTO UP Operative (Jam protection operative)
AUTO DOWN Operative (Jam protection not operative)