WW–12
WIPER AND WASHER – FRONT WIPER MOTOR
(2) Connect a positive (+) battery lead to terminal
B1-5 (+1) of the connector on the wiper motor
and connect a negative battery lead to terminal
B1-4 (E) of the wiper motor. With the motor
operating at low speed (LO), disconnect
terminal B1-5 (+1) to stop the wiper motor at a
position where the matchmarks do not line up.
HINT:
In the following step, connections will be made
at the wiper motor to allow verification of the
operation of the park contacts that are operated
by the cam in the wiper motor. After the
connections have been made, when the motor
is not in the park position, current will flow from
terminal B1-2 (B) through the park contacts in
the wiper motor, to terminal B1-1 (+S). The
current will then flow through the jumper wire to
terminal B1-5 (+1) through the motor to ground
(causing it to operate). When the motor
reaches the park position, the park contacts
should open, stopping the operation of the
wiper motor in the correct location. Terminals
B1-2 (B) and B1-1 (+S) are connected by the
internal cam in the wiper motor when the wiper
motor is not in the park position. Terminals B1-1
(+S) and B1-4 (E) are connected by the internal
cam in the wiper motor when the wiper motor is
in the park position.
(3) With the ground wire still attached from the
previous step, connect a jumper lead between
terminal B1-1 (+S) and terminal B1-5 (+1).
Next, connect a positive (+) battery lead to
terminal B1-2 (B) to cause the wiper motor to
operate at low speed. If the wiper motor is
operating correctly, the wiper will operate until it
reaches the park position. When it reaches the
park position, it will automatically stop.
(4) Verify that the matchmarks on the windshield
wiper motor assembly are lined up.
WW
2. INSPECT WINDSHIELD WIPER MOTOR ASSEMBLY
Connector Front View:
(for TMMK Made)
B
A59 (a) LO Operation Check
(1) Connect a positive (+) battery lead to terminal
+2 +S A59-5 (+1) of the connector, and a negative (-)
battery lead to terminal A59-4 (E), and check
that the motor operates at low speed (LO).
+1 E (b) HI Operation Check
(1) Connect a positive (+) lead to terminal A59-3
(+2) of the connector, and a negative (-) battery
E034081E38
lead to terminal A59-4 (E), and check that the
motor operates at high speed (HI).