51-16 EXTERIOR
WINDSHIELD WIPER AND WASHER
WINDSHIELD WIPER AND WASHER
GENERAL INFORMATION
M1511000100116
OPERATION Windshield Mist Wiper Operation
Windshield Low-speed (and High-speed) Wiper • If the wiper switch is turned to the "MIST" position
Operation with the ignition switch at "ACC" or "ON" position,
• If the wiper switch is turned to the "LO" position the mist wiper high-speed operation signal is sent
with the ignition switch at the "ACC" or "ON" posi- to the front-ECU. This signal turns on the wiper
tion, the column switch sends a low-speed wiper speed switching relay, causing the wipers to work
ON and high-speed wiper OFF signals to the at high-speed while the mist switch is on.
front-ECU. This turns the wiper signal on and the • While the mist wiper switch remains turned on
wiper speed switching relay off (low-speed), when the intermittent mode is still working, the
causing the wipers to operate at low-speed. wipers work as the mist wiper. However, the wip-
• If the wiper switch is turned to the "HI" position, ers return to the intermittent mode again when
the column switch sends a low-speed wiper OFF the wiper auto stop signal turns on after the mist
and high-speed wiper ON signals to the front- wiper switch is turned off.
ECU. This turns both the wiper signal and the
Windshield Washer Operation
wiper speed switching relay on (high-speed), • If the wiper switch is turned to the "WASHER"
causing the wipers to operate at high-speed.
position with the ignition switch at "ACC" or "ON"
Windshield Intermittent Wiper Operation position, the washer ON signal is sent to the
• The ETACS-ECU calculates the wiper operation front-ECU, causing the wiper signal to turn on
interval according to the voltage signal sent from after 0.6 seconds. After the washer switch signal
the column switch. Then the ETACS-ECU sends turns off, the wiper signal turns off in three sec-
a signal to the front-ECU. The front-ECU deter- onds. If the wiper switch is turned the "WASHER"
mines the wiper operation interval and turns on position while the wiper is at intermittent mode,
the wiper relay signal. This causes the wiper auto the washer works for that period when the
stop relay to turn on. Then the wiper auto stop washer switch remains on. Then the wipers
relay will turn off after the wipers reach the park return to the intermittent mode.
position. This causes the wiper signal relay and
then the wipers to turn off. If the wiper signal relay
remains off for the wiper operation interval, the
relay turns on again, causing the wipers to oper-
ate in intermittent mode.
WINDSHIELD WIPER AND WASHER DIAGNOSIS
M1511000700099
The windshield wiper and washer are controlled by
ETACS-ECU. For troubleshooting, refer to GROUP
54B, SWS Diagnosis P.54B-17.
TSB Revision