54A-194 CHASSIS ELECTRICAL
RADIO AND TAPE PLAYER
STEP 4. Check the antenna plug and radio unit STEP 5. Check that the problem disappear if
connected another radio is used.
Q: Are the antenna plug and radio unit properly Q: Does the problem disappear if another radio is
connected? used?
YES : Go to Step 5. YES : Replace the radio. The radio should sound
NO : Reconnect the antenna plug and radio unit normally.
properly. The radio should sound normally. NO : Refer to Inspection Procedure 33 "Motor
antenna won’t extend or retract P.54A-202"
and Inspection Procedure 34 "Motor
antenna extends and retracts but does not
receive radio signal P.54A-211."
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 16: Poor Reception.
.
DIAGNOSIS STEP 4. Check that the problem is limited to the
reception of a specific radio station from a
specific position.
STEP 1. Make sure that the check being
conducted under special electrical field NOTE: Multipath noise and fading noise: Because
conditions. the frequency of FM waves is extremely high, it is
highly susceptible to effects from geological forma-
Q: Is the check being conducted under special
tions and buildings. These effects disrupt the broad-
electrical field conditions (such as in an
cast signal and obstruct reception in several ways.
underground garage or inside a building?
.
YES : Go to Step 2.
NO : Go to Step 3. • Multipath noise
This describes the echo that occurs when the
broadcast signal is reflected by a large obstruc-
STEP 2. Check that proper performance is
tion and enters the receiver with a slight time
obtained when the vehicle is moved.
delay relative to the direct signal (repetitious
Q: Is proper performance obtained when the vehicle buzzing).
is moved? • Fading noise
YES : Check that a poor reception is resolved. This is a buzzing noise that occurs when the
NO : Go to Step 3. broadcast beam is disrupted by obstructing
objects and the signal strength fluctuates intri-
STEP 3. Check that tuning solves the problem. cately within a narrow range.
Q: Does tuning solve the problem? Q: Is the problem limited to the reception of a specific
YES : Check that a poor reception is resolved. radio station from a specific position?
NO : Go to Step 4. YES : Go to Step 5.
NO : Check that a poor reception is resolved.
STEP 5. Check that the antenna plug is
connected to the radio properly.
Q: Is the antenna plug connected to the radio
properly?
YES : Go to Step 6.
NO : Reconnect the antenna plug and radio unit
properly. Check that a poor reception is
resolved.
TSB Revision