52B-24 SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM (SRS)
SRS AIR BAG DIAGNOSIS
DTC SET CONDITIONS TROUBLESHOOTING HINTS
• These DTC are output when a fault is detected in • Malfunction of the SRS-ECU
the SRS-ECU. The most likely causes for this
code to be set are shown in the table below:
CODE NO. DEFECTIVE PART SYMPTOMS
14 Analog G-sensor • When the analog G-sensor is not operating
• When the characteristics of the analog G-sensor are
abnormal
• When the output from the analog G-sensor is abnormal
15 Safing G-sensor (front air bag) • Short circuit in the safing G-sensor
16 • Open circuit in the safing G-sensor
17 Safing G-sensor (side-airbag) • When the safing G-sensor is not operating
• When the characteristics of the safing G-sensor are
abnormal
• When the output from the safing G-sensor is abnormal
31 Capacitor • Voltage at the capacitor terminal is higher than the
specified value for five seconds or more
32 • Voltage at the capacitor terminal is lower than the
specified value for five seconds or more (This is not
detected if diagnostic trouble code No. 41 or 42
indicating battery positive voltage drop has been output.)
45 Non-volatile memory • When the non-volatile memory (EEPROM) and A/D
(EEPROM) and A/D converter converter system are abnormal
51 Driver’s air bag module (squib • Short circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
52 ignition drive circuit) • Open circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
54 Passenger’s (front) air bag • Short circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
55 module (squib ignition drive • Open circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
circuit)
73 Right hand side-airbag module • Short circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
74 (squib ignition drive circuit) • Open circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
83 Left hand side-airbag module • Short circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
84 (squib ignition drive circuit) • Open circuit in the squib ignition drive circuit
.
DIAGNOSIS
Replace the SRS-ECU. (Refer to P.52B-142.)
Q:Is any of DTC output?
YES : There is no action to be taken.
NO : This diagnosis is complete.
TSB Revision