SIMPLIFIED WIRING SYSTEM (SWS) 54B-397
SYMPTOM PROCEDURES
INTERIOR LIGHT
GENERAL DESCRIPTION CONCERNING INTERIOR LIGHT
M1549021800010
The following ECUs affect the functions and control
of the interior lights.
Functions Control ECU
Dome light control function ETACS-ECU
Interior light automatic-shutdown function ETACS-ECU
DOME LIGHT CONTROL FUNCTION
When the dome light switch is at the door position, • When the ignition key is removed with all doors
the ETACS-ECU controls the lighting of the dome closed, the dome light lights up at a luminance of
light as follows: 100 percent, and goes off 30 seconds later. How-
• When a door is opened to get on or get off the ever if the ignition key is inserted again or if all
vehicle with the ignition switch off, the dome light doors are locked while the dome light is lighting,
lights up at a luminance of 100 percent. When a the dome light will go off at that point.
door is closed, the dome light dims at a lumi- • The dome light is flashed twice when door is
nance of 65 percent, and goes off 30 seconds locked with keyless entry. When door is unlocked
later. However if the ignition switch is turned ON with keyless entry, the dome light lights at a lumi-
or if all doors are locked while they are closed, nance of 100 percent, and goes off 15 seconds
the dome light will go off at that point. later.
• When a door is opened with the ignition switch
ON, the dome light lights up at a luminance of
100 percent. When a door is closed, the dome
light goes off.
ON
ACC
Ignition switch
LOCK (OFF)
Key removed
ON (Any door is open)
Door switch
OFF (All doors are closed)
LOCK
Keyless entry system
OFF
door lock or unlock signal
UNLOCK
100%
65%
Dome light intensity
0%
t t t
t: 30 seconds
AC101555AC
NOTE: The dotted lines indicate that lighting mode when the ignition switch is turned ON, all doors are locked
during the timer illumination time.
INTERIOR LIGHT AUTOMATIC-SHUTDOWN FUNCTION
Illuminated interior lights such as the front dome • When the ignition switch is turned off and more
light, etc. (all lights using the dome light fuse as the than 30 minutes pass by with the interior light illu-
power supply) will automatically go off in the follow- minated, the interior lights will go off automati-
ing conditions to prevent excess battery discharge as cally.
a result of forgetting to turn off the lights or incom-
plete closing of the door.
TSB Revision