SIMPLIFIED WIRING SYSTEM (SWS) 54B-5
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
Hazard Warning Light minate for approximately 15 seconds when the
The system detects a change from OFF to ON of the doors are locked. The dome light’s answerback
hazard warning input signal and activates or shuts off operation in response to a keyless entry system
the hazard warning lights accordingly. control action is accompanied by flashing of the
hazard warning lights.
FOG LIGHT
INTERIOR LIGHT AUTOMATIC
The fog light switch becomes active only when the
headlights are at the low-beam mode. Therefore, if SHUTDOWN FUNCTION
the headlights are turned off, the fog lights will also
This function prevents the battery from being dis-
be switched off. When the headlights are turned on
charged when the door is open or the dome light
during the next key cycle, the fog lights will be off
remains on with the ignition switch at the "LOCK"
regardless of the fog light switch position.
(OFF) position. The ETACS-ECU turns on its "keep"
relay to switch off the battery power supply to the
DOME LIGHT
interior lights when the interior light loaded signal and
With the dome light switch in the "door controlled all door switches remain on for approximately 30
operation" (middle) position, the ETACS-ECU con- minutes with the ignition switch at positions other
trols the dome light operation as follows: than ACC. Then the interior lights will be switched
• When a door is opened from outside or inside off. If the ignition switch is turned on again, the
[with the ignition switch turned to "LOCK" (OFF)]: ETACS-ECU turns on its "keep" relay to illuminate
When a door is opened, the ETACS-ECU causes the interior lights.
the dome light to be illuminated at 100 percent
intensity. When the door is closed, it dims the DOOR-AJAR INDICATOR LIGHT
dome light to 65 percent intensity and approxi-
This indicator light warns the driver that door(s) are
mately 30 seconds later, turns out the light com-
not closed. If a door switch is on, the ETACS-ECU
pletely. During this period (timer controlled
operates the door-ajar indicator light on the combina-
period), the dome light goes out if the ignition
tion meter.
switch is turned "ON" or the doors are locked.
• When a door is opened or closed with the ignition THEFT-ALARM SYSTEM
switch in the "ON" position: The dome light illumi-
nates at 100 percent intensity when a door is .Theft-alarm System Operation
opened and turned out when it is closed. If a door, trunk lid or hood is opened, when the theft-
• When no door is opened and the ignition key is alarm system has been armed the horn (theft-alarm
removed: The dome light is illuminated at 100 horn and horn) will sound and headlights flash (high-
percent intensity and turned off approximately 30 beam) intermittently for a period of three minutes.
seconds later. During that time (timer-controlled
.
period), the dome light goes out if the ignition key Panic Alarm Function
is inserted and turned to "ON" or the door locking With the theft-alarm function armed, pressing the
system is activated. panic button on the keyless entry system transmitter
• Dome light’s answerback operation in response causes the horn (theft-alarm horn and horn) to sound
to door lock control by keyless entry system: To for about three minutes in an attempt to prevent theft.
allow the driver to confirm the doors have locked The alarm is turned off by pressing any switch on the
by the keyless entry system, the ETACS-ECU transmitter.
causes the dome light to blink twice when the
doors are locked by the RKE system and to illu- CONFIGURATION FUNCTION
The keyless entry hazard answerback function can
be adjusted by the special operation. Then they can
be returned to the initial condition.
TSB Revision