MULTIPORT FUEL INJECTION (MFI) <2.4L> 13A-489
MULTIPORT FUEL INJECTION (MFI) DIAGNOSIS
STEP 4. Using scan tool MB991502, check data list.
(1) Turn the ignition switch to the "ON" position.
(2) Check the following items of the data list. Refer to, Data List
Reference Table P.13A-544.
a. Item 11: Heated Oxygen Sensor (front).
• Voltage should fluctuate between 0 − 0.4 volts and 0.6 −
1.0 volts while idling after the engine has been warmed.
(3) Turn the ignition switch to the "LOCK" (OFF) position.
16 PIN
Q:Is the sensor operating properly?
MB991502 YES : Replace the heated oxygen sensor (front). Then
AKX01177AB confirm that the malfunction symptom is eliminated. If
not resolved, go to step 6.
NO : Go to Step 5.
STEP 5. Check the fuel pressure.
Refer to, Fuel Pressure Test P.13A-578.
Q:Is the fuel pressure normal?
YES : Go to Step 6.
NO : Repair or replace. Then confirm that the malfunction
symptom is eliminated.
STEP 6. Check the following items.
(1) Check the following items, and repair or replace the
defective items.
a. Check the injectors for fuel leakage.
b. Check the ignition coil, spark plugs, spark plug cables.
c. Check compression pressure.
d. Check the positive crank case ventilation system.
e. Check the evaporative emission control system.
f. Check the EGR system.
(2) Then check the malfunction symptom.
Q:Is the malfunction symptom is eliminated.
YES : The check is completed.
NO : Replace the catalytic converter. Then confirm that the
malfunction symptom is eliminated.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 23: Transient, Mass Emission Tailpipe Test Failure.
. NOTE: If the three-way catalyst temperature is low
COMMENT
• The test is failed when the air/fuel ratio is not con- when checking the exhaust gas, the three-way cata-
lyst cannot sufficiently clean the emissions. Warm up
trolled to the ideal air/fuel ratio. This occurs due
the engine sufficiently before checking the exhaust,
to the feedback control by heated oxygen sensor
and check immediately.
signals, insufficient EGR flow rate, or deteriorated
catalyst.
.
TROUBLESHOOTING HINTS (The most likely
causes for this case: )
• Malfunction of air/fuel ratio control system.
• Malfunction of the EGR system.
• Deteriorated catalyst.
TSB Revision