GENERAL <BODY AND CHASSIS> 00-7
HOW TO USE TROUBLESHOOTING/INSPECTION SERVICE POINTS
4. DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE CHART Checks don’t have to be carried out in the order
If the scan tool displays a diagnostic trouble code, given in the chart.
retrieve an applicable inspection procedure accord- 3. If voltage readings differ from normal condition
ing to this chart. values, check related sensors, actuators, and
wiring, then replace or repair.
.
5. SYMPTOM CHART 4. After repair or replacement, recheck with the
If there are symptoms, even though the results of voltmeter to confirm that the repair has corrected
inspection using the scan tool show that all diagnos- the problem.
tic trouble codes are normal, inspection procedures
for each symptom will be found by using this chart. .
Terminal Resistance and Continuity Checks
1. Turn the ignition switch to "LOCK" (OFF) position.
.
6. DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE PROCEDURES
2. Disconnect the ECU connector.
Indicates the inspection procedures corresponding to
each diagnostic trouble code. CAUTION
If resistance and continuity checks are per-
. formed on the wrong terminals, damage to the
7. SYMPTOM PROCEDURES
vehicle wiring, sensors, ECU, and/or ohmmeter
Indicates the inspection procedures corresponding to
may occur. Use care to prevent this!
each symptoms classified in the Symptom Chart.
3. Measure the resistance and check for continuity
. between the terminals of the ECU harness-side
8. SERVICE DATA REFERENCE TABLE
connector while referring to the check chart.
Inspection items and normal judgement values have
been provided in this chart as reference information. NOTE: Checks don’t have to be carried out in the
order given in the chart.
. 9. CHECK AT ECU TERMINALS 4. If the ohmmeter shows any deviation from the
Terminal numbers for the ECU connectors, inspec- Normal Condition value, check the corresponding
tion items, and standard values have been provided sensor, actuator and related electrical wiring, then
in this chart as reference information. repair or replace.
5. After repair or replacement, recheck with the
. Terminal Voltage Checks ohmmeter to confirm that the repair has corrected
the problem.
1. Connect a needle-nosed wire probe to a voltmeter
probe.
.
10. INSPECTION PROCEDURES USING AN
CAUTION
OSCILLOSCOPE
Short-circuiting the positive (+) probe between a
When there are inspection procedures using an
connector terminal and ground could damage
oscilloscope, these are listed here.
the vehicle wiring, the sensor, the ECU, or all
three. Use care to prevent this!
HOW TO USE THE INSPECTION
2. Insert the needle-nosed wire probe into each of
PROCEDURES
the ECU connector terminals from the wire side,
and measure the voltage while referring to the The causes of many of the problems occurring in
check chart. electric circuitry are generally the connectors, com-
ponents, the ECU, and the harnesses between con-
NOTE: Measure voltage with the ECU connectors
nectors, in that order. These inspection procedures
connected.
follow this order. They first try to discover a problem
You may find it convenient to pull out the ECU to
with a connector or a defective component.
make it easier to reach the connector terminals.
TSB Revision