WHEEL AND TIRE 31-3
WHEEL AND TIRE DIAGNOSIS
SYMPTOM PROBABLE CAUSE REMEDY REFERENCE
PAGE
Wear on one Excessive Check the camber. Refer to GROUP
side camber 33A, On-vehicle
service − Front
wheel alignment
check and
adjustment P.33A-
ACX00928AB
ACX00929AB 6.
Feathered Incorrect toe-in Adjust the toe-in.
edge
ACX00930AB
ACX00931AB
Bald spots Unbalanced Balance the wheels. −
wheel
ACX00932AB
ACX00933AB
Scalloped Lack of rotation of tires or worn Rotate the tires, Refer to GROUP
wear or out-of-alignment suspension check the front 33A, On-vehicle
suspension service − Front
alignment. wheel alignment
check and
adjustment P.33A-
ACX00934
6.
WHEEL BALANCE ACCURACY
M1311001700162
PURPOSE Check your balancer’s calibration approximately
every 100 balances. Your wheel balancer’s instruc-
This section contains tips and procedures for achiev-
tion manual should include calibration procedures. If
ing accurate wheel balance. Steering wheel vibration
the calibration procedures specifically for your bal-
and/or body shake can result if any of these proce-
ancer are missing, use the generic steps in this sec-
dures are not carefully observed.
tion for zero calibration, static balance, and dynamic
1. Wheels and tires must be properly mounted on a
balance checks. The wheel balancer calibration
balancer in order to achieve correct balance.
checks are also described in the flowchart.
Centering the wheel on the shaft of the balancer is
essential for proper mounting.
PROCEDURE <Balancing Tips>
2. Off-the-car wheel balancers must be calibrated
1. Confirm that the balancer’s cone and the wheel
periodically to ensure good balancing results. An
mounting cone are undamaged and free of dirt
inaccurately calibrated balancer could cause
and rust.
unnecessary replacement of tires, shocks,
suspension components, or steering components. 2. On this vehicle, the wheel’s center hole on the
hub side has a chamfered edge. Use a back-
mounting cone on your wheel balancer to center
the wheel on the balancer shaft.
TSB Revision