AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE 23A-335
A/T FAULTY OPERATION PREVENTION MECHANISM DIAGNOSIS
DIAGNOSIS
STEP 3. Check the fit of the shift lock cable.
Q: Is the shift lock cable installed correctly?
STEP 1. Check the fit of the lock cam. YES : Go to Step 4.
NO : Install the shift lock cable correctly. Refer to
Q: Is the lock cam installed correctly?
YES : Go to Step 2. P.23A-363. When the brake pedal is
NO : Install the lock cam correctly. Refer to released with the ignition key at other
positions than "LOCK" (OFF) position,
P.23A-361. When the brake pedal is
check that the selector lever can not be
released with the ignition key at other
moved from "P" position to "R" position.
positions than "LOCK" (OFF) position,
check that the selector lever can not be
moved from "P" position to "R" position. STEP 4. Check the shift lock cable.
Q: Is the shift lock cable in good condition?
STEP 2. Check the lock cam. YES : No action to be taken.
NO : Replace the shift lock cable. Refer to P.23A-
Q: Is the lock cam in good condition?
363. When the brake pedal is released with
YES : Go to Step 3.
the ignition key at other positions than
NO : Replace the lock cam. Refer to P.23A-361.
"LOCK" (OFF) position, check that the
When the brake pedal is released with the
selector lever can not be moved from "P"
ignition key at other positions than "LOCK"
position to "R" position.
(OFF) position, check that the selector lever
can not be moved from "P" position to "R"
position.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 2: Selector Lever cannot be Moved from "P" to "R" Position with Brake
Pedal Depressed when Ignition Key is at any Position Other than "LOCK" (OFF) Position.
TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION (COMMENT)
STEP 2. Check the connection of selector lever
Selector lever assembly, shift lock cable, key inter-
assembly and shift transaxle control cable.
lock cable, transmission control cable, or lock
cam may be defective. Q: Is the connection of selector lever assembly and
shift transaxle control cable in good condition?
TROUBLESHOOTING HINTS YES : Go to Step 3.
• Malfunction of selector lever assembly NO : Repair the connection of selector lever
• Malfunction of shift lock cable assembly and shift transaxle control cable.
• Malfunction of key interlock cable When the brake pedal is depressed with the
• Malfunction of transmission control cable ignition key at other positions than "LOCK"
• Malfunction of lock cam (OFF) position, check that the selector lever
can be moved from "P" position to "R"
DIAGNOSIS
position.
STEP 1. Check the connection of lock cam and STEP 3. Check the fit of the shift lock cable.
key interlock cable.
Q: Is the shift lock cable installed correctly?
Q: Is the connection of lock cam and key interlock YES : Go to Step 4.
cable in good condition? NO : Install the shift lock cable correctly. Refer to
YES : Go to Step 2. P.23A-363. When the brake pedal is
NO : Repair the connection of lock cam and shift depressed with the ignition key at other
lock cable. When the brake pedal is positions than "LOCK" (OFF) position,
depressed with the ignition key at other check that the selector lever can be moved
positions than "LOCK" (OFF) position, from "P" position to "R" position.
check that the selector lever can be moved
from "P" position to "R" position.
TSB Revision