BODY 42-83
KEYLESS ENTRY SYSTEM
4. Exit the hazard answerback customize mode by observing
one of the following steps.
(1) Disconnect scan tool MB991502 from the data link
connector, or disconnect data link connector terminal (1)
form the ground.
(2) Turn the ignition switch to position other then "LOCK"
(OFF), or remove the ignition key.
(3) Open the driver’s side door,
NOTE: If any operation is not done for at least three minutes
after the ETACS-ECU has entered the customize mode, the
hazard answerback customize mode will be canceled automat-
ically.
.
<When only the transmitter is used>
1. Remove the ignition key.
2. Push the "LOCK" switch while holding the "UNLOCK" switch
pushed for four to ten seconds.
3. If the "LOCK" switch and "UNLOCK" switch are released in
that order, the ETACS-ECU tone alarm will sound, indicating
that the hazard answerback function can be enabled or
disabled when the doors are locked.
• Enable the hazard answerback function when the
doors are locked: The ETACS-ECU tone alarm will
sound once.
• Disable the hazard answerback function when the
doors are locked: The ETACS-ECU tone alarm will
sound twice.
4. If the "UNLOCK" switch and "LOCK" switch are released in
that order, the ETACS-ECU tone alarm will sound, indicating
that the hazard answerback function can be enabled or
disabled when the door are unlocked.
• Enable the hazard answerback function when the
doors are unlocked: The ETACS-ECU tone alarm
will sound once.
• Disable the hazard answerback function when the
doors are unlocked: The ETACS-ECU tone alarm
will sound twice.
ENABLING/DISABLING THE HORN
ANSWERBACK FUNCTION
1. Remove the ignition key.
2. Push the "UNLOCK" switch while holding the "LOCK" switch
pushed for four to ten seconds.
3. If the "LOCK" switch and "UNLOCK" switch are released at
the same time, the ETACS-ECU tone alarm will sound,
indicating that the horn answerback function can be enabled
or disabled.
• Enable the horn answerback function: The ETACS-
ECU tone alarm will sound once.
• Disable the horn answerback function: The ETACS-
ECU tone alarm will sound twice.
TSB Revision