31-4 WHEEL AND TIRE
WHEEL AND TIRE DIAGNOSIS
3. Install a wheel mounting cone. The appropriate 4. Before balancing the wheel, remove any wheel
size cone for this vehicle is 67.0 mm (2.64 weights from both sides. Also check both sides for
inches). any damage.
5. When installing wheel weights, hammer them at a
straight (not diagonal) angle.
HUB/SHAFT CLAMPING CUP
ASSEMBLY
WING NUT
SPRING PLATE
WHEEL AC000041AB
MOUNTING STANDARD PASSENGER
CONE CAR WHEEL
<Confirming Proper Balance> 2. Turn the wheel again 180 degree angle against
the balancer’s hub. If the wheel becomes out-of-
1. After balancing the wheel, loosen the wing nut
balance each time it is turned against the
and turn the wheel 180 degree angle against the
balancer’s hub, the wheel balancer may require
balancer’s hub. Then re-tighten the wing nut and
calibration.
check the balance again. Repeat wheel balance if
necessary.
<Wheel Balancer Calibration Checks> • If the imbalance is more than 5 g (0.18 ounce),
the balancer requires calibration. Contact the bal-
1. Mount an undamaged original-equipment alloy
ancer manufacturer for calibration by their repair
rim and tire assembly (wheel) onto your off-the-
representative.
car wheel balancer. Balance the wheel.
4. <<Static Balance Check>>
2. <<Zero Calibration Check>>
Attach a 5-g (0.18-ounce) weight to the outer rim.
Loosen the balancer wing nut, rotate the wheel a
Recheck the balancer. The balancer should
half-turn (180 degree angle), and retighten the
detect 5 ± 2 g (0.18 ± 0.06 ounce) of imbalance
nut. Recheck the balance.
• If the imbalance is 5 g (0.18 ounce) or less, the 170 to 190 degree angle away from the 5-g (0.18-
ounce) weight.
zero calibration is OK. Rebalance the wheel, then
• If the imbalance is within specification, the static
go to Step 4 to check static balance.
• If the imbalance is more than 5 g (0.18 ounce), go balance calibration is correct. Go to Step 5 to
check the dynamic balance.
to Step 3.
• If the imbalance is out of specification, the bal-
3. Loosen the balancer wing nut, rotate the wheel 1/
ancer requires calibration. Contact the balancer
4 turn (90 degree angle), and retighten the nut.
manufacturer for calibration by their repair repre-
Recheck the wheel balance.
sentative.
• If the imbalance is 5 g (0.18 ounce) or less, the
wheel may not be centered on the balancer, or
the balancing cones, the cup, and/or wing nut are
damaged, dirty, or inappropriate for the wheel.
You may need to refer to the balancer manufac-
turer’s instructions to verify the correct attach-
ments. After making the necessary corrections,
recheck the wheel balance. If OK, then go to Step
4.
TSB Revision