BODY 42-111
CONVERTIBLE TOP
STEP 4. Check the Check symptoms.
Q:Does the electric convertible top open and close
normally?
YES : This diagnosis is complete.
NO : Return to Step 1.
ON VEHICLE SERVICE
CONVERTIBLE TOP FIT ADJUSTMENT
M1426200900029
1. Remove the quarter trim, lower (Refer to GROUP 52A -
Trims P.52A-9.)
2. Fully open or close the top, then adjust the stopper adjusting
STOPPER ADJUSTING BOLT bolt so it contacts the flange as shown in the illustration.
AC004120AB
WATER LEAK TEST
M1426208400028
DEFINITION OF TERMS TEST PROCEDURES
Leakage: Defined as water that spills over weather- 1. Interview the customer to get a detailed
stripping and causes the interior to become wet in a description of the leak and the conditions under
short period of time. which the leak occurred.
Seepage: Defined as water that runs down the inside
2. Open the part of the vehicle to be tested for the
of the door and or quarter glass but does not build up
water leak, door, windows, convertible top, etc.
or drip onto any interior trim components. By nature
3. Use a clean cloth and wipe clean and dry the
of their design, convertible tops normally display
sealing surfaces for the suspected area.
some water seepage under certain ambient condi-
4. Close the doors, windows, etc. of the vehicle to
tions. Water leakage/seepage characteristics for the
prevent water from accidentally getting into the
convertible are:
• Normal-Under normal conditions, the convertible vehicle.
top should never display seepage of more than a 5. Turn off A/C, heater and ventilation blower.
total of three moisture weeps of more than 5 mm Otherwise, if the blower is on this will pressurize
(0.2 inch) wide at any or all of the convertible top the cabin, preventing water from entering back
roof joints. As with any convertible top, leakage through a bad seal condition.
may occur under abnormal conditions such as 6. Evaluate the customer’s description of the leak in
the flooding of the weatherstrip roof joints with question then use the method of water testing
large quantities of water as might happen in an (angle, distance, pressure, etc.) which closely
automatic car wash. simulates or duplicates the leak condition the
• Service Required-Vehicle service is required if customer’s vehicle experienced.
leakage occurs under normal conditions. (Some
adjustments may help reduce leakage which
occurs under abnormal conditions).
TSB Revision