54B-628 SIMPLIFIED WIRING SYSTEM (SWS)
ON-VEHICLE SERVICE
Configuration of Functions
ITEMS ADJUSTMENT PROCEDURES
Keyless entry hazard If the transmitter "LOCK" switch is turned on twice within two seconds, the lock
answerback answerback function is enabled or disabled.
• If the function is enabled, the tone alarm sounds once. (initial status)
• If the function is disabled, the tone alarm sounds twice.
If the transmitter "UNLOCK" switch is turned on twice within two seconds, the
unlock answerback function is enabled or disabled.
• If the function is enabled, the tone alarm sounds once. (initial status)
• If the function is disabled, the tone alarm sounds twice.
Vehicle speed- The vehicle speed-dependent wiper function is enabled or disabled by turning on
dependent wiper the windshield wiper mist switch for two seconds or more.
function • Enabled: the tone alarm sounds once. (initial status)
• Disabled: the tone alarm sounds twice.
Headlight automatic If the passing switch is turned ON for more than two seconds with the headlight
shutdown function switch turned to ON and the turn signal light switch (RH) turned ON, the headlight
automatic shutdown function is switched in the following order: (Next to "c", the
function returns to "a" and repeats the sequence from "a".)
a.With the ignition switch in "LOCK" (OFF) position, the automatic shutdown
function is enabled when the lighting switch is turned ON and the tone alarm
sounds once.
b.If the function is disabled, the tone alarm sounds twice.
c.When the function is enabled (While the ignition switch is at "LOCK" (OFF)
position, the automatic shutdown function is enabled when the lighting switch is
turned ON.), the tone alarm sounds three times. (initial status)
The delay-off time of When the turn-signal light switch is moved in the order of RH → LH → RH → LH
the dome light within three seconds, the dome light delay-off time will be changed as follows.
(Next to "e", the function returns to "a" and repeats the sequence from "a".)
a. 30 seconds: the tone alarm sounds once.
b. 10 seconds: the tone alarm sounds twice.
c. 0 second (no delay-off time): the tone alarm sounds three times.
d. 15 seconds: the tone alarm sounds four times. (initial status)
a. 7.5 seconds: the tone alarm sounds five times.
Interior light automatic The interior light automatic shutdown function is disabled or enabled by turning the
shutoff function hazard warning light switch for two seconds or more.
• Enabled: the tone alarm sounds once. (initial status)
• Disabled: the tone alarm sounds twice.
Initialization of above If the windshield washer switch is turned ON for more than 20 seconds, the tone
mentioned functions alarm sounds twice and all functions are initialized. (The configuration mode entry
tone alarm sounds after 10 seconds, but the switch must kept ON for 20 seconds
to achieve initialization.)
If the windshield washer switch is kept ON for more than 20 seconds without prior
entry of the configuration mode, the configuration mode is entered after 10
seconds and initialization does not take place.
TSB Revision