55-28 HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING
ON-VEHICLE SERVICE
REFRIGERANT LEAK REPAIR PROCEDURE
M1552001500158
LOST CHARGE HANDLING TUBING AND FITTINGS
If the system has lost all charge due to a leak: Kinks in the refrigerant tubing or sharp bends in the
1. Evacuate the system. (Refer to P.55-26.) refrigerant hose lines will greatly reduce the capacity
of the entire system. High pressures are produced in
2. Charge the system with approximately 0.453 kg (1
the system when it is operating. Extreme care must
pound) of refrigerant.
be exercised to make sure that all connections are
3. Check for leaks.
pressure tight. Dirt and moisture can enter the sys-
4. Discharge the system.
tem when it is opened for repair or replacement of
5. Repair leaks. lines or components. The following precautions must
CAUTION be observed. The system must be completely dis-
Replacement filter-drier units must be sealed charged before opening any fitting of connection in
while in storage. The drier used in these units will the refrigeration system. Open fittings with caution
saturate water quickly upon exposure to the even after the system has been discharged. If any
atmosphere. When installing a drier, have all pressure is noticed as a fitting is loosened, allow
tools and supplies ready for quick assembly to trapped pressure to bleed off very slowly.
avoid keeping the system open any longer than Never attempt to rebend formed lines to fit. Use the
necessary. correct line for the installation you are servicing. A
good rule for the flexible hose lines is keep the radius
6. Replace receiver drier.
of all bends at least 10 times the diameter of the
7. Evacuate and charge system.
hose.
Sharper bends will reduce the flow of refrigerant. The
LOW CHARGE
flexible hose lines should be routed so that they are
If the system has not lost all of its refrigerant charge;
at least 80 mm (3.1 inches) from the exhaust mani-
locate and repair all leaks. If it is necessary to
fold. It is good practice to inspect all flexible hose
increase the system pressure to find the leak
lines at least once a year to make sure they are in
(because of an especially low charge) add refriger-
good condition and properly routed.
ant. If it is possible to repair the leak without dis-
On standard plumbing fittings with O-rings, these O-
charging the refrigerant system, use the procedure
rings are not reusable.
for correcting low refrigerant level.
COMPRESSOR NOISE CHECK
M1552008700153
You must first know the conditions when the noise ADJUSTMENT
occurs. These conditions are: weather, vehicle
1. Select a quiet area for testing. Duplicate
speed, in gear or neutral, engine temperature or any
conditions as much as possible. Switch
other special conditions.
compressor on and off several times to clearly
Noises that develop during A/C operation can often
identify compressor noise. To duplicate high
be misleading. For example: what sounds like a
ambient conditions (high head pressure), restrict
failed front bearing or connecting rod, may be
air flow through condenser. Install manifold gauge
caused by loose bolts, nuts, mounting brackets, or a
set to make sure discharge pressure doesn’t
loose clutch assembly. Verify accessory drive belt
exceed 2,070 kPa (300.2 psi).
tension (power steering or generator).
2. Tighten all compressor mounting bolts, clutch
Improper accessory drive belt tension can cause a
mounting bolt, and compressor drive belt. Check
misleading noise when the compressor is engaged
to assure clutch coil is tight (no rotation or
and little or no noise when the compressor is disen-
wobble).
gaged.
3. Check refrigerant hoses for rubbing or
Drive belts are speed-sensitive. That is, at different
interference that can cause unusual noises.
engine speeds, and depending upon belt tension,
belts can develop unusual noises that are often mis- 4. Check refrigerant charge. (Refer to P.55-26.)
taken for mechanical problems within the compres- 5. Recheck compressor noise as in Step 1.
sor.
6. If noise still exists, loosen compressor mounting
bolts and retighten. Repeat Step 1.
7. If noise continues, replace compressor and repeat
Step 1.
TSB Revision