MULTIPORT FUEL INJECTION (MFI) <2.4L> 13A-21
MULTIPORT FUEL INJECTION (MFI) DIAGNOSIS
READINESS TEST STATUS When the monitors run and complete, the MUT-II will
record the Readiness Code as "Complete" (General
.PURPOSE
Scan Tools record as "Ready"). If the monitor did not
The Readiness function also referred as I/M Readi-
run completely, the system then reads as "Incom-
ness or I/M Flags indicate if a full diagnostic check
plete" (General Scan Tools record as "Not Ready").
has been "Completed" (is "Ready") for each non-
When the vehicle is operating normally and the OBD-
continuous monitor. Enhanced I/M State Emission
II Drive Cycle is carried out, Readiness Code will set
Programs will use the Readiness status (Codes) to
as "Complete" on the first drive cycle. If during the
see if the vehicle is ready for OBD-II testing. "Incom-
first drive cycle a fault is detected then, a second
plete" (Not Ready) codes will be one of the triggers
drive is required before the Readiness Code will
for I/M failure.
"Complete". If the fault is still there, then a DTC will
set.
. OVERVIEW • Catalyst: P0421
The engine control module (ECM) <M/T> or power- • Evaporative system: P0442, P0455, P0456
train control module (PCM) <A/T> monitors the fol- • Heated oxygen sensor: P0133
lowing main diagnosis items and records whether the • Heated oxygen sensor heater: P0135, P0141
evaluation was completed or is incomplete. The • EGR system: P0401
Readiness codes were established for the I/M pro- After the Readiness is "Complete", the technician is
grams, thereby confirming that the vehicle was not assured that any DTC’s associated with that monitor
tampered with by erasing the diagnostic trouble will be displayed if the system has a problem. That is
code(s) (DTC’s) before I/M testing. The Readiness why some State’s I/M programs require the Readi-
and DTC codes can be reset by disconnecting the ness Code as "Complete" before they check for
battery or by erasing the codes with a scan tool. For DTC’s.
this reason all Readiness codes must read "Com-
NOTE: After a repair is mode for a DTC the techni-
plete" before I/M testing.
cian should drive the OBD-II drive cycle checking
that the MUT-II records all Readiness as "Complete".
FAIL-SAFE FUNCTION REFERENCE TABLE
M1131153000040
When the main sensor malfunctions are detected by the diagnostic test mode, the vehicle is controlled by
means of the following defaults.
MALFUNCTION ITEM CONTROL CONTENTS DURING MALFUNCTION
Volume air flow sensor • Uses the throttle position sensor signal and engine speed signal (crankshaft
position sensor signal) for basic injector drive time and basic ignition timing
from the pre-set mapping.
• Fixes the IAC motor in the appointed position so idle air control is not
performed.
Intake air temperature Controls as if the intake air temperature is 25°C (77°F).
sensor
Throttle position sensor No increase in fuel injection amount during acceleration due to the unreliable
throttle position sensor signal.
Engine coolant Controls as if the engine coolant temperature is 80°C (176°F). (This control will
temperature sensor be continued until the ignition switch is turned to the "LOCK" (OFF) position
even though the sensor signal returns to normal.)
Camshaft position sensor Injects fuel into the cylinders in the order 1-3-4-2 with irregular timing. (After the
ignition switch is turned to the "ON," the No. 1 cylinder top dead center is not
detected at all.)
Barometric pressure Controls as if the barometric pressure is 101 kPa (30 in Hg).
sensor
Knock sensor Switches the ignition timing from ignition timing for high octane to ignition timing
for standard octane fuel.
TSB Revision