00-6 GENERAL <BODY AND CHASSIS>
TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDELINES
TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDELINES
M1001008800221
FIND THE PROBLEM
VERIFY THE COMPLAINT After the symptoms have been confirmed, and prob-
• Make sure the customer’s complaint and the ser- able causes have been identified, the next step is to
vice writer’s work order description are under- make step-by-step checks of the suspected system
stood before starting work. components, junctions, and links in logical order.
• Make sure the correct operation of the system is Use the diagnostic procedures in the service manual
understood. Read the service manual description whenever possible. Follow these procedures care-
to verify any aspect of normal system operation. fully to avoid missing an important step in the diagno-
• Operate the system to see the symptoms. Look sis sequence. It might be the skipped step that leads
for other symptoms that were not reported by the to the solution of the problem.
customer, or on the work order, that may be If the service manual doesn’t have step-by-step pro-
related to the problem. cedures to help diagnose the problem, come up with
a series of checks based on the ranked list of proba-
DETERMINE POSSIBLE CAUSES ble causes. Troubleshooting checks should be made
in the order that the list of causes was ranked:
Compare the confirmed symptoms to the diagnostic
• general to specific
symptom indexes to get to the right diagnosis proce-
• most-likely to least-likely
dure.
• easy-to-check to hard-to-check
If the confirmed symptoms can not be found on any
symptom index, determine other possible causes.
REPAIR THE PROBLEM
• Analyze the system diagrams and list all possible
causes for the problem symptoms. When the step-by-step troubleshooting checks find a
• Rank all these possible causes in order of proba- fault, perform the proper repairs. Be sure to fix the
bility, based on how much of the system they root cause of the problem, not just the symptom. Just
cover, how likely they are to be the cause, and fixing the symptom, without fixing the root cause, will
how easy they will be to check. Be sure to take cause the symptom to eventually return.
experience into account. Consider the causes of
VERIFY THE REPAIR
similar problems seen in the past. The list of
causes should be ranked in order from general to After repairs are made, recheck the operation of the
specific, from most-likely to least-likely, and from system to confirm that the problem is eliminated. Be
easy-to-check to hard-to-check. sure to check the system thoroughly. Sometimes
new problems are revealed after repairs have been
made.
HOW TO USE TROUBLESHOOTING/INSPECTION SERVICE
POINTS
M1001000200258
Troubleshooting of electronic control systems for 2. SYSTEM OPERATION AND SYMPTOM
which the scan tool can be used follows the basic VERIFICATION TESTS
outline described below. Even in systems for which If verification of the symptom(s) is difficult, proce-
the scan tool cannot be used, part of these systems dures for checking operation and verifying symptoms
still follow this outline. are shown.
TROUBLESHOOTING CONTENTS
.
3. DIAGNOSTIC FUNCTION
.1. STANDARD FLOW OF DIAGNOSTIC TROU-
The following trouble code diagnosis are shown.
BLESHOOTING • How to read diagnostic trouble codes
Troubleshooting strategy is shown in each group. • How to erase diagnostic trouble codes
• Input inspection service points
.
.
TSB Revision