54A-34 CHASSIS ELECTRICAL
IGNITION SWITCH
7. Press the "YES" key to start key ID registration.
8. This will be displayed when the add key ID registration is
successful. If an error occurs during key ID registration, the
message "Can’t execute" will be displayed. If the key has
already been registered, "Key ID has been registration" will
be displayed.
AC101477
9. The number of keys currently registered will be displayed.
To register an additional key, replace the ignition key with
the next key to be registered within five seconds and then
press the "YES" key. Key ID registration screen will be
displayed, then register another key.
NOTE: A maximum of eight different keys can be registered.
If key ID registration is complete, press the "NO" key.
10.This completes the registration operation. Turn the ignition
switch to the "LOCK" (OFF) position and leave it off for
AC101476 approximately ten seconds.
11.Check that the engine can be started with each of the
ignition keys.
12.Check that the immobilizer system DTC and MFI system
DTC did not set.
13.Turn the ignition switch to the "LOCK" (OFF) position.
14.Disconnect scan tool MB991502.
.
Registration of additional keys without using the scan tool
Operate two registered ignition keys by the following proce-
dure, call additional registration mode for the immobilizer-ECU,
then register an additional ignition key by operating it. Addi-
tional ignition keys can be registered without using the MUT-II
by operating two ignition keys that already have been regis-
tered to the vehicle and operating an additional key to be regis-
tered. (A maximum of eight ignition keys can be registered.)
1. The ignition switch is "ON" by using he first key (KEY A)
which has already been registered to the vehicle.
2. If the first key (KEY A) is correct, the immobilizer-ECU
begins the condition ow warning the second key (KEY B)
which has already been registered to the vehicle. The
ignition switch has been on the "ON" position for longer than
5 seconds so that enters the condition of waiting the second
key (KEY B).
3. After the ignition switch is "LOCK" (OFF), it is "ON" by the
second key (EY B) which has already been registered to the
vehicle.
The second key (KEY B) must be turned on within 7
seconds of removing the first key.
TSB Revision