ENGINE ELECTRICAL 16-9
CHARGING SYSTEM
5. Connect a voltmeter with a range of 0 − 20 V NOTE: If the electrical load is small while testing,
between the generator "B" terminal and the the specified level of current may not be output
ground. (Connect the positive lead of the even though the generator is normal. In such
voltmeter to the "B" terminal, and then connect the cases, increase the electrical load by leaving the
negative lead of the voltmeter to the ground.) headlights turned on for some time to discharge
the battery or by using the lighting system in
WARNING
another vehicle, and then test again.
Battery posts, terminals and related acces-
NOTE: The specified level of current also may not
sories contain lead and lead compounds.
be output if the temperature of the generator body
WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.
or the ambient temperature is too high. In such
6. Connect the negative battery cable. cases, cool the generator and then test again.
7. Connect a tachometer or scan tool MB991502. 12.The reading on the ammeter should be above the
8. Leave the hood open. limit value. If the reading is below the limit value
9. Check to be sure that the reading on the voltmeter and the generator output wire is normal, remove
is equal to the battery positive voltage. the generator from the engine and check the
generator.
NOTE: If the voltage is 0 V, the cause is probably
an open circuit in the wire or fusible link between 13.Run the engine at idle speed after the test.
the generator "B" terminal and the battery positive 14.Turn the ignition switch to the "LOCK" (OFF)
terminal. position.
10.After turning the light switch on and turning on the 15.Disconnect the tachometer or scan tool
headlights, start the engine. MB991502.
NOTE: Because the current from the battery will WARNING
soon drop after the engine is started, step 11 Battery posts, terminals and related acces-
should be carried out as quickly as possible in sories contain lead and lead compounds.
order to obtain the maximum current output value. WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.
11.Immediately after setting the headlights to high
16.Disconnect the negative battery cable.
beam and turning the heater blower switch to the
17.Disconnect the ammeter and voltmeter and
high revolution position, increase the engine
tachometer.
speed to 2,500 r/min and read the maximum
current output value displayed on the ammeter. 18.Connect the generator output wire to the
generator "B" terminal.
Limit value: 70% of nominal current output
WARNING
NOTE: For the nominal current output, refer to the
Battery posts, terminals and related acces-
Generator Specifications.
sories contain lead and lead compounds.
NOTE: The current output value will depend on
WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.
the electrical load and the temperature of the gen-
erator body. 19.Connect the negative battery cable.Before the
test, always be sure to check the following.
TSB Revision