11C-10 ENGINE MECHANICAL <3.0L>
ON VEHICLE SERVICE
If there is a change in the level of abnormal noise, suspect a
tapping noise due to worn crankshaft bearing or connecting
rod bearing. (In this case, the lash adjuster is in good
condition.)
4. After completion of warm-up, run the engine at idle to check
for abnormal noise.
If the noise is reduced or disappears, clean the lash adjuster
(Refer to GROUP 11D-Engine overhaul − Rocker Arms and
Camshaft − Inspection P.11D-27.) As it is suspected that the
noise is due to seizure of the lash adjuster. If there is no
change in the level of the abnormal noise, proceed to step 5.
5. Run the engine to bleed the lash adjuster system. (Refer to.)
6. If the abnormal noise does not disappear after air bleeding
operation, clean the lash adjuster (Refer to GROUP 11D-
Engine overhaul − Rocker Arms and Camshaft − Inspection
P.11D-27.)
.
Bleeding lash adjuster system
NOTE: Parking the vehicle on a grade for a long time may
decrease oil in the lash adjuster, causing air to enter the high
pressure chamber when starting the engine.
NOTE: After parking for many hours, oil may run out from the
oil passage and take time before oil is supplied to the lash
adjuster, causing air to enter the high pressure chamber.
NOTE: In the above cases, abnormal noise can be eliminated
by bleeding the lash adjuster system.
1. Check engine oil and add or change oil if required.
NOTE: If the engine oil level is low, air is sucked from the oil
screen, causing air to enter the oil passage.
NOTE: If the engine oil level is higher than specification, oil
GOOD
may be stirred by the crankshaft, causing oil to be mixed
with a large quantity of air.
MAXIMUM
NOTE: If oil is deteriorated, air is not easily separated from
oil, increasing the quantity of air contained in oil.
MINIMUM
AKX00328AB
NOTE: If air mixed with oil enters the high pressure chamber
inside the lash adjuster from the above causes, air in the
high pressure chamber is compressed excessively while the
valve is opened, resulting in an abnormal noise when the
HIGH-
PRESSURE valve closes.
CHAMBER
This is the same phenomenon as that observed when the
valve clearance has become excessive. The lash adjuster
can resume normal function when air entered the lash
adjuster is removed.
2. Idle the engine for one to three minutes to warm it up.
AKX00329AB
TSB Revision