54A-192 CHASSIS ELECTRICAL
RADIO AND TAPE PLAYER
STEP 4. Check that the antenna is correctly
grounded. (If noise appears when the antenna is
moved, this means the ground is not securely
connected.)
Q: Is the antenna correctly grounded?
YES : Replace the radio. Check that there is no
noise.
NO : If rust is present on the antenna ground
screw, clean off the rust and tighten the
ground screw securely. Check that there is
no noise.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 13: Noise Sometimes Appears on FM during Traveling.
.
DIAGNOSIS STEP 3. Check that the connectors are properly
connected.
STEP 1. Retune the radio, and check that no NOTE: For the corresponding connectors, etc., refer
noise appears. to Audio System <vehicles without amplifier P.90-
266> or <vehicles with amplifier P.90-270.>
Q: Does the problem clear up when returned?
YES : Check that there is no noise. Q: Are the connectors properly connected?
NO : Go to Step 2. YES : Go to Step 4.
NO : Check the condition of the connector. Refer
to GROUP 00E, Harness Connector
STEP 2. Check that the noise appears only in
Inspection P.00E-2. Check that there is no
certain locations and only with certain stations.
noise.
NOTE: Multipath noise and fading noise: Because of
the frequency of FM waves in extremely high, it is
STEP 4.Check that noise appears when the radio
highly susceptible to effects from geological forma-
switch is turned on while the vehicle is stopped.
tions and buildings. These effects disrupt the broad-
cast signal and obstruct reception in several ways. NOTE: Static electricity noise: Body static electric
from the shock absorber rubber bushings used to
.
• Multipath noise prevent vibration, tires, etc. occurs because of sepa-
ration from the ground, causing a buzzing noise.
This describes the echo that occurs when the
There is no measures to discharge the static electric-
broadcast signal is reflected by a large obstruc-
ity of the vehicle body. Check that there is no noise.
tion and enters the receiver with a slight time
delay relative to the direct signal (repetitious Q: Does noise appear when the radio switch is turned
buzzing). on while the vehicle is stopped and the radio is
• Fading noise tapped while tuned away from a station?
This is a buzzing noise that occurs when the YES : Go to Step 5.
broadcast beam is disrupted by obstructing NO : It may be static electricity noise.
objects and the signal strength fluctuates intri-
cately within a narrow range.
STEP 5. Check that the radio is correctly
Q: Does the problem appear only in certain locations grounded.
and only with certain stations?
Q: Is the radio correctly grounded?
YES : The effect of an electrical field condition
YES : Go to Step 6.
(multipath noise, fading noise) could be the
NO : Tighten the screw securely. Check that
cause. Check that there is not noise.
there is no noise.
NO : Go to Step 3.
TSB Revision