MULTIPORT FUEL INJECTION (MFI) <3.0L> 13B-681
ON-VEHICLE SERVICE
8. Measure fuel pressure while the engine is running at idle.
Standard value: Approximately 270 kPa (38 psi) at
curb idle
9. Disconnect the vacuum hose (blue stripe) from the fuel
pressure regulator and measure fuel pressure with the hose
end closed with your finger.
Standard value: 330 − 350 kPa (47 − 50 psi) at curb idle
10.Check to see that fuel pressure at idle does not drop even
after the engine has been revved several times.
11.Revving the engine repeatedly, hold the fuel return hose
lightly with your fingers to feel that fuel pressure is present in
the return hose.
AK000119
NOTE: If the fuel flow rate is low, there will be no fuel pres-
sure in the return hose.
12.If any of fuel pressure measured in steps 8 to 11 is out of
specification, troubleshoot and repair according to the table
below.
SYMPTOM PROBABLE CAUSE REMEDY
• Fuel pressure too low Clogged fuel filter Replace fuel filter
• Fuel pressure drops after racing
Fuel leaking to return side due to Replace fuel pressure regulator
• No fuel pressure in fuel return
poor fuel regulator valve seating or
hose
settled spring
Low fuel pump delivery pressure Replace fuel pump
Fuel pressure too high Binding valve in fuel pressure Replace fuel pressure regulator
regulator
Clogged fuel return hose or pipe Clean or replace hose or pipe
Same fuel pressure when vacuum Damaged vacuum hose or Replace vacuum hose or clean
hose is connected and when clogged nipple nipple
disconnected
Defective fuel pressure regulator Replace fuel pressure regulator
13.Stop the engine and observe fuel pressure gauge reading. It
is normal if the reading does not drop within two minutes. If it
does, observe the rate of drop and troubleshoot and repair
according to the table below. Start, then stop the engine.
(1) Squeeze the fuel return line closed to confirm leak-down
occurs from defective fuel pressure regulator.
(2) Squeeze the fuel supply line closed to confirm leak-down
occurs from defective fuel pump check valve.
(3) If pressure continues to drop with both fuel lines
squeezed closed, injector (s) are leaking.
SYMPTOM PROBABLE CAUSE REMEDY
Fuel pressure drops gradually Leaky injector Replace injector
after engine is stopped
Leaky fuel regulator valve seat Replace fuel pressure regulator
Fuel pressure drops sharply Check valve in fuel pump is held Replace fuel pump
immediately after engine is open
stopped
TSB Revision