GENERAL <BODY AND CHASSIS> 00-35
LUBRICATION AND MAINTENANCE
ENGINE OIL 3.0L model is designed to operate on premium grade
unleaded gasoline having a minimum octane rating
CAUTION
of 91 [(MON + RON)/2], or 95 RON. If premium
Test results submitted to EPA have shown that
grade unleaded gasoline is not available, unleaded
laboratory animals develop skin cancer after pro-
gasoline having an octane rating of 87 [(MON +
longed contact with used engine oil. Accordingly,
RON)/2], or 91 RON may be used. However, the per-
the potential exists for humans to develop a
formance level may be reduced.
number of skin disorders, including cancer, from
MON: Motor Octane Number
such exposure to used engine oil. Therefore,
RON: Research Octane Number
when changing engine oil, be careful not to touch
.
it as much as possible. Protective clothing and GASOLINE CONTAINING ALCOHOL
gloves, that cannot be penetrated by oil, should Some gasoline sold at service stations contain alco-
be worn. The skin should be thoroughly washed hol although they may not be so identified.
with soap and water, or use waterless hand Using fuels containing alcohol is not recommended
cleaner, to remove any used engine oil. Do not unless the nature of the blend can be determined as
use gasoline, thinners, or solvents. being satisfactory.
Either of the following engine oils should be used: Gasohol: A mixture of 10% ethanol (grain alcohol)
1. Engine oil displaying ILSAC certification mark. and 90% unleaded gasoline may be used in your
vehicle. If driveability problems are experienced as a
2. Engine oil conforming to the API classification SJ
result of using gasohol, it is recommended that the
EC or SJ/CD EC.
vehicle be operated on gasoline.
For further details, refer to "LUBRICANTS SELEC-
Methanol: Do not use gasoline containing metha-
TION."
nol (wood alcohol). Using this type of alcohol can
LUBRICANTS AND GREASES result in vehicle performance deterioration and dam-
age critical parts in the fuel system components. Fuel
Semi-solid lubricants bear the NLGI designation and
system damage and performance problems resulting
are further classified as grades 0, 1, 2, 3, etc.
from the use of gasoline containing methanol may
Whenever "Chassis Lubricant" is specified, Multipur-
not be covered by the new vehicle warranty.
pose Grease, NLGI grade Number 2, should be
used.
.
GASOLINE CONTAINING METHYL TERTIARY
FUEL USAGE STATEMENT BUTYL ETHER (MTBE)
Unleaded gasoline containing 15% or less MTBE
CAUTION
may be used in your vehicle. (Fuel containing MTBE
Using leaded gasoline in your car will damage
over 15% in volume may cause reduced engine per-
the catalytic converters and heated oxygen sen-
formance and produce vapor lock or hard starting.
sors, and affect the warranty coverage validity.
This vehicle must use unleaded gasoline only. MATERIALS ADDED TO FUEL
This vehicle has a fuel filler tube which is especially
Indiscriminate use of fuel system cleaning agents
designed to accept only the smaller-diameter
should be avoided. Many of these materials intended
unleaded gasoline dispensing nozzle.
for gum and varnish removal may contain highly
2.4L model is designed to operate on unleaded gas-
active solvents or similar ingredients that can be
oline having a minimum octane rating of 87 [(MON +
harmful to gasket and diaphragm materials used in
RON)/2], or 91 RON.
fuel system component parts.
TSB Revision