SIMPLIFIED WIRING SYSTEM (SWS) 54B-3
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
• If you try to lock either the driver’s or passenger’s • A jam preventing mechanism has been adopted.
door when the passenger’s door is open (door When a slide-close or tilt-down operation is
switch turned ON) and the key is inserted in the blocked by an external force, the roof lid glass
ignition switch (key reminder switch turned OFF), moves back and stops.
the ETACS-ECU prevents the doors from being • The electronic sunroof system cannot be oper-
locked by activating the door unlock relay for 0.25 ated manually. The sunroof wrench that was used
seconds. in previous models is not provided. If the anti-jam
mechanism reverses the sunroof five or more
POWER WINDOW RELAY CONTROL times consecutively due to deformation or other
problem with the sunroof components, it deacti-
.Power Window Relay Operation
vates and allows the sunroof to make small
If the ignition switch is turned to "ON" position, the
movements [30 mm (1.2 inches)] until it closes
power window relay is energized to activate the
completely.
power windows.
.
Sunroof Timer Function
. When the ignition switch is turned from "ON" position
Power Window Timer Function
to "LOCK" (OFF) or "ACC" position, the sunroof can
When the ignition switch is turned from the "ON"
be operated for thirty seconds. If any door is opened
position to "LOCK" (OFF) or "ACC" position, the
for the 30 seconds, the sunroof will be immobilized at
power windows can be operated for 30 seconds. If
that point.
driver(cid:146)s or front passenger(cid:146)s door is opened for the
30 seconds, the power windows will be immobilized
WINDSHIELD WIPERS AND WASHERS
at that point.
.Windshield Low-speed (and High-speed) Wiper
KEYLESS ENTRY SYSTEM
Operation
.Keyless Entry Answerback Function • If the windshield low-speed wiper switch is turned
to the ON position with the ignition switch at the
If the RKE transmitter "LOCK" or "UNLOCK" switch
"ACC" or "ON" position, the column switch sends
is pressed while the ignition key is removed, the
a low-speed wiper ON and high-speed wiper OFF
doors can be locked or unlocked. If the doors are
signals to the front-ECU. This turns the wiper sig-
closed, the hazard warning lights, the dome light and
nal on and the wiper speed switching relay off
the horn will operate due to answerback function.
(low-speed), causing the wipers to operate at
Because of the answerback function, the hazard
low-speed.
warning lights flash twice, and the horn sounds once,
• If the windshield high-speed wiper switch is
the dome light flashes twice when the doors are
turned to the ON position, the column switch
locked. Meanwhile, when the doors are unlocked,
sends a low-speed wiper OFF and high-speed
the hazard warning lights flash once and the dome
wiper ON signals to the front-ECU. This turns
light illuminates for 30 seconds. The hazard and the
both the wiper signal and the wiper speed switch-
horn answerback functions can be cancelled by
ing relay on (high-speed), causing the wipers to
using the RKE transmitter.
operate at high-speed.
.
Trunk Lid Opener Function
.
Windshield Intermittent Wiper Operation
After "TRUNK" switch of the transmitter is turned
The ETACS-ECU calculates the wiper operation
"ON" twice within five seconds without ignition key in
interval according to the voltage signal sent from the
the key hole, ETACS-ECU makes trunk lid opener
column switch. Then the ETACS-ECU sends a signal
actuator open the trunk lid.
to the front-ECU. The front-ECU determines the
SUNROOF wiper operation interval and turns on the wiper relay
signal relay. This causes the wiper auto stop relay to
Sunroof Operation turn on. Then the wiper auto stop relay will turn off
• All of the slide open/close, tilt up/down, and stop after the wipers reach the park position. This causes
operations can be performed by a single switch. the wiper signal relay and then the wipers to turn off.
• When the roof lid glass is tilted up, the sunshade If the wiper signal relay remains off for the wiper
opens approximately 98 mm (3.9 inches) in com- operation interval, the relay turns on again, causing
bined operation with the roof lid glass for better the wipers to operate in intermittent mode.
ventilation.
.
TSB Revision