55-4 HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING
GENERAL INFORMATION
Compressor control When compressor locks <vehicles with 3.0 L
engine>
When operating the air conditioning switch
• Since the compressor and alternator are driven
• The air thermo sensor, which senses the temper-
by the same belt, the electric generating function
ature of the air flowing out of the evaporator,
of the alternator also stops when the belt is bro-
deactivates the compressor at 5 °C (41.0 °F) or
ken. In order to assure the electric generating
below.
function of the alternator, there is an A/C-ECU to
• The dual pressure switch turns OFF when the
prevent breaking of the belt due to slipping when
refrigerant pressure becomes excessively high or
the compressor locks. The A/C-ECU makes a
low, thus protecting the compressor circuit. (See
comparative calculation of the compressor revo-
Table below.)
lutions and the engine revolutions which are
• When the air thermo sensor is activated, the dual
detected by the revolution pick-up sensor. When
pressure switch is ON, and the ignition switch,
70% or more slip ratio continues for 3 seconds or
blower switch, and air conditioning switch are
more, the A/C compressor relay goes from on to
ON, the A/C compressor relay is energized.
off; at the same time, the operation display in the
When operating the air outlet changeover control air conditioner switch blinks to announce an
knob abnormality.
• When the air outlet changeover control knob is
moved to DEFROSTER or DEFROSTER/FOOT
position, the defroster switch, which is connected
in series to the air conditioning switch, is turned
on. The other compressor control than the above
is the same as that when operating the air condi-
tioning switch.
A/C Compressor Relay ON Conditions
Ignition switch (IG2) ON NOTE: A/C compressor relay is de-
energized when any one switch, sensor or
Blower switch ON
control unit shown on the left turns off.
Air conditioning switch or defroster switch ON
NOTE: The *marked device measures the
Air thermo sensor *
temperature of the outlet air, and according
Dual pressure Low-pressure side 221 kPa (32.1 psi) ON to the control characteristics of the magnetic
switch or higher clutch for the compressor, the automatic
compressor controller outputs the "HI" signal
High-pressure side 2,942 kPa (426.7 ON
(12V). When air of 5°C (41.0°F) or less blows
psi) or below
out of the evaporator, the compressor
A/C compressor relay driving transistor (within ON
magnetic clutch will be turned off.
automatic compressor controller and engine control
module <M/T>, powertrain control module <A/T>)
TSB Revision