54B-6 SIMPLIFIED WIRING SYSTEM (SWS)
SWS DIAGNOSIS
SWS DIAGNOSIS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
Before carrying out troubleshooting
M1549014700163
Before carrying out troubleshooting, check the fol- • Make sure that fuses and fusible links related to
lowing two items. relevant systems are not blown.
• Make sure that the ETACS-ECU, the junction
block (J/B), the front-ECU and the engine com-
partment relay box are connected securely.
SWS DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLESHOOTING STRATEGY
M1549000500296
1. Gather information about the problem from the 5. Service data on the SWS monitor
customer.
Select the defective function from the function-
2. Verify that the condition described by the specific diagnostic menu, and check the service
customer exists. data that appears for each function item.
NOTE: If an error occurs in the SWS communica- NOTE: In addition to the function-specific diag-
tion line, the ECU isolated from the communica- nostic menu, a service data menu is available for
tion line performs a fail-safe or backup operation, SWS monitor service data to check all items for
so the problem may not match the one shown in each ECU.
the Trouble Symptom Chart. However, the cause
(1) When the SWS communication line is
of the failure can be tracked down by performing
monitored.
the following troubleshooting with the SWS moni-
You can determine whether the problem lies in
tor.
the input or output signal circuit system by
3. Version number and destination check checking whether communication data is
Check whether the SWS version number (1) and correct.
destination (North America) meet the vehicle • The switch condition does not meet the service
specifications. If they are different, replace the data display: Input signal system related to defec-
ETACS-ECU with a correct one. tive functions
• The switch condition meets the service data dis-
4. ECU COMM CHECK on the SWS monitor
play: Output signal system related to defective
Check whether the communication status of the
functions
input- or output-signal-side ECU associated with
6. Check of input signal circuit system
the defective function is normal.
• If "OK" is displayed for all related ECUs, they Check relevant switch, sensor, input signal-side
communicate with each other normally and the ECU and their wiring harness and connector.
input or output signal circuit system may be 7. Check of output signal circuit system
defective. Therefore, check SWS monitor service
Check an output signal-side ECU, electrical load
data.
components and their wiring harness and
• If "NG" is displayed for any of the related ECUs,
connector.
something may be wrong with the ECU for which
"NG" appears, its power supply or grounding sys-
tem, or a wiring harness or connector between
the SWS monitor and the ECU. Check the wiring
harness and connectors associated with the ECU
and examine the ECU itself.
TSB Revision