SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRAINT SYSTEM (SRS) 52B-3
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
.
M1524000100213
The SRS consist of four air bag modules, SRS air
WARNING
bag control unit (SRS-ECU), SRS warning light, and
Extreme care must be used when servicing
clock spring. Air bags are located in the center of the
the SRS to avoid injury to the service per-
steering wheel, above the glove box, and in the front
sonnel (by inadvertent deployment of the air
seat back assemblies. Each air bag is made up of a
bags) or the driver (by rendering the SRS
folded air bag and an inflator unit. The control unit
inoperative).
under the floor console monitors the system and has
The Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) is
a safing G-sensor and an analog G-sensor. The
designed to supplement the driver’s and front pas-
warning light on the instrument panel indicates the
senger’s seat belts to help reduce the risk or severity
operational status of the SRS. The clock spring is
of injury to the driver and front passenger by activat-
installed in the steering column. Only authorized ser-
ing and deploying both front air bags in certain frontal
vice personnel should do work on or around the SRS
collisions.
components. Those service personnel should read
this manual carefully before starting any such work.
SRS WARNING LIGHT .
ON-BOARD DIAGNOSTIC/SRS WARNING LIGHT
FUNCTION
The SRS-ECU monitors the SRS system and stores data con-
cerning any detected faults in the system. When the ignition
switch is in the "ON" or "START" position, the SRS warning
light should illuminate for about 7 seconds and then turn "OFF."
That indicates that the SRS system is in operational order. If
the SRS warning light does any of the following, immediate
inspection by an authorized dealer is needed.
AC000346AB
1. The SRS warning light does not illuminate as described
above.
2. The SRS warning light stays on for more than 7 seconds.
3. The SRS warning light illuminates while driving.
If a vehicle(cid:146)s SRS warning light is in any of these three condi-
tions when brought in for inspection, the SRS system must be
inspected, diagnosed and serviced in accordance with this
manual.
TSB Revision