ANTI-LOCK BRAKING SYSTEM (ABS) 35B-3
ANTI-LOCK BRAKING SYSTEM (ABS) DIAGNOSIS
. .
System Check Sound Long Stopping Distances on Loose Road
When starting the engine, a thudding sound can Surfaces
sometimes be heard coming from the engine com- When braking on loose surfaces like snow-covered
partment. This is a normal sound during the ABS or gravel roads, the stopping distance can be longer
self-check. for an ABS-equipped vehicle than the stopping dis-
tance for a vehicle with a conventional brake system.
.
ABS Operation Sounds and Sensations
.
During normal operation, the ABS makes several Shock at starting check
sounds that may seem unusual at first: Shock may be felt when the brake pedal is lightly
• A whining sound is caused by the ABS hydraulic pressed while driving at a low speed. This is a nor-
unit motor. mal characteristic because the ABS system opera-
• When pressure is applied to the brake pedal, the tion check is carried out when vehicle speed is 8 km/
pulsation of the pedal causes a scraping sound. h (5 mph) or less.
• When the brakes are applied firmly, the ABS
operates, rapidly applying and releasing the
brakes many times per second. This repeated
application and release of braking forces can
cause the suspension to make a thumping sound
and the tires to squeak.
ANTI-LOCK BRAKING SYSTEM (ABS) DIAGNOSIS
INTRODUCTION TO ANTI-LOCK BRAKE SYSTEM DIAGNOSIS
M1352012500233
The anti-lock brake system (ABS) operates differ- ABS Diagnostic Trouble Code Detection
ently from conventional brake systems. These differ- Conditions
ences include sounds, sensations, and vehicle
ABS diagnostic trouble codes (ABS DTCs) are set
performance that owners and service technicians
under different conditions, depending on the mal-
who are not familiar with ABS may not be used to.
function detected. Most ABS DTCs will only be set
Some operational characteristics may seem to be
during vehicle operation. Some ABS DTCs will also
malfunctions, but they are simply signs of normal
be set during the ABS self-check immediately after
ABS operation. When diagnosing the ABS system,
the engine is started.
keep these operational characteristics in mind.
When you check if an ABS DTC will be displayed
Inform the owner of the kind of performance charac-
again after the DTC has been erased, you should
teristics to expect from an ABS-equipped vehicle.
duplicate the ABS DTC set conditions. Depending on
the detection timing and set conditions for the spe-
cific ABS DTC, you must either drive the vehicle or
turn the engine off and restart it. To set the proper
conditions for that DTC again, refer to "ABS DTC
SET CONDITIONS" for each ABS DTC that you are
trying to reset.
ABS DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLESHOOTING STRATEGY
M1352011100265
Use these steps to plan your diagnostic strategy. If 3. Check the vehicle for any ABS DTC.
you follow them carefully, you will be sure that you
4. If you cannot verify the condition and there are no
have exhausted most of the possible ways to find an
ABS DTCs, the malfunction is intermittent. Refer
ABS fault.
to GROUP 00, How to use Troubleshooting/
1. Gather information about the problem from the Inspection Service Points − How to Cope with
customer. Intermittent Malfunctions P.00-6.
2. Verify that the condition described by the
customer exists.
TSB Revision