00-54 GENERAL <BODY AND CHASSIS>
MAINTENANCE SERVICE
5. Check that the A/T fluid level is at the "HOT" mark on the
<2.4L ENGINE>
dipstick. If the A/T fluid level is lower than this, pour in more
DIAMOND ATF SP-II M or SP-III or equivalent until the level
reaches the "HOT" mark.
NOTE: If the A/T fluid level is too low, the oil pump will draw
in air along with the A/T fluid, which will cause bubbles to
form. If the A/T fluid level is too high, rotating components
inside the transaxle will churn the fluid and air into a foamy
liquid. Both conditions (level too low or too high) will cause
<3.0L ENGINE> the hydraulic pressure to drop, which will result in late shift-
ing and slipping of the clutches and brakes.
In either case, air bubbles can interfere with normal valve,
clutch, and brake operation. Also, foaming can cause A/T
fluid to escape from the transaxle vent where it may be mis-
taken for a leak.
6. Securely insert the dipstick.
NOTE: The A/T fluid should always be replaced when:
AC000098AB
.
• When troubleshooting the transaxle
• When overhauling the transaxle
• When the oil is noticeably dirty or burnt (vehicle was
driven under severe conditions)
CHANGE A/T FLUID
If you have an A/T fluid changer, use this changer to replace
the A/T fluid. If you do not have an A/T fluid changer, replace
the A/T fluid by the following procedure.
1. Disconnect the hose shown in the illustration which
connects the transaxle and the oil cooler (inside the
radiator). Place a container under the hose to collect the
discharge.
CAUTION
The engine should be stopped within one minute after it is
started. If the A/T fluid has all drained out before then, the
engine should be stopped at that point. Discharge volume:
Approximately 3.5 dm3 (3.7 quarts)
AC000099 2. Start the engine and let the A/T fluid drain out.
Running conditions: "N" range with engine idling
3. Remove the drain plug from the bottom of the transaxle case
to drain the A/T fluid.
Discharge volume: Approximately 2.0 dm3 (2.1 quarts)
4. Install the drain plug with a new gasket, and tighten it to the
specified torque.
Tightening torque: 32 ± 2 N⋅m (24 ± 1 ft-lb)
5. Pour new A/T fluid (Diamond ATF SP III or equivalent) in
through the oil filler tube.
AC000100 Adding volume: Approximately 5.5 dm3 (5.8 quarts)
TSB Revision