AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE 23A-349
ON-VEHICLE SERVICE
FLUSHING COOLERS AND TUBES
M1231013000143
Required Special Tool:
MB995062: Flushing Tool
WARNING
• Wear protective eye wear that meets the require-
ments of OSHA and ANSI Z87.1 − 1968. Wear stan-
dard industrial rubber gloves.
• Keep lighted cigarettes, sparks, flames, and other
ignition sources away from the area to prevent the
ignition of combustible liquids and gases. Keep a
class (B) fire extinguisher in the area where the
flushing tool will be used. Keep the area well venti-
lated. Do not let flushing solvent come in contact
with eyes or skin. In case it does, flush with water
for 15 to 20 seconds. Remove contaminated cloth-
ing and wash affected skin with soap and water.
Seek medical attention.
When a transaxle failure has contaminated the A/T fluid, the oil
cooler(s) must be flushed. The cooler by-pass valve in the
transaxle must also be replaced. The torque converter must
also be replaced with an exchange unit. This will ensure that
metal particles or sludged A/T fluid are not later transferred
back into the reconditioned (or replaced) transaxle. There are
two different procedures for flushing coolers and lines. The rec-
ommended procedure is to use Tool MB995062 Cooler Flusher.
The other procedure is to use a hand suction gun and mineral
spirits.
1. Remove the cover plate filler plug on special tool
MB995062. Fill the reservoir 1/2 to 3/4 full of fresh flushing
solution. Flushing solvents are petroleum based solutions
generally used to clean transaxle components. Do not use
solvents containing acids, water, gasoline, or any other
corrosive liquids.
2. Reinstall filler plug on special tool MB995062.
3. Verify the pump power switch is turned "OFF." Connect the
red alligator clip to the positive battery terminal. Connect the
black alligator clip to a good ground.
4. Disconnect the cooler lines at the transaxle.
NOTE: When flushing the transaxle cooler and lines, always
reverse flush.
5. Connect the BLUE pressure line to the OUTLET (From)
TO COOLER
cooler line.
FROM
COOLER 6. Connect the CLEAR return line to the INLET (To) cooler line.
7. Turn the pump "ON" for two to three minutes to flush the
cooler(s) and lines. Monitor the pressure readings. Clear the
return lines. Pressure readings should stabilize below 138
kPa (20 psi) for vehicles equipped with a single cooler and
208 kPa (30 psi) for vehicles equipped with dual coolers. If
flow is intermittent or exceeds these pressures, replace the
AC001891AB cooler.
TSB Revision