23A-18 AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE
AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE DIAGNOSIS
FAIL-SAFE/BACKUP FUNCTION
M1231008300137
When malfunctions of the main sensors or actuators The following table shows how the fail-safe/backup
are detected by the PCM, the transaxle is controlled function affects vehicle driveability and operation.
by pre-set control logic to maintain safe conditions
for driving.
MALFUNCTIONING JUDGEMENT CONTROL CONTENTS DURING MALFUNCTION
ITEM CONDITION
Input shaft speed sensor No output pulse from the The diagnostic trouble code is recorded when the
input shaft speed sensor is judgement condition occurs once. When the
detected for one second or judgement condition is met four times, the transaxle
more when the vehicle holds 3rd gear or 2nd gear depending on speed and
speed is 30 km/h (19 mph) for vehicles with sport mode "N" range light flashes
or more. as a fail-safe.
Output shaft speed The output signal from the The diagnostic trouble code is recorded when the
sensor output shaft speed sensor judgement condition occurs once. When the
has been lost for one judgement condition is met four times, the transaxle
second or more while the holds 3rd gear or 2nd gear depending on speed and
vehicle is being driven. for vehicles with sport mode "N" range light flashes
as a fail-safe.
Low-reverse solenoid Solenoid valve resistance When the judgement condition is met four times, the
valve is below 2.7 W for 0.32 A/T control relay is turned off and for vehicles with
seconds. sport mode "N" range light flashes. The transaxle
Underdrive solenoid
will only operate in 3rd and reverse gears until the
valve
system is repaired.
Second solenoid valve
Overdrive solenoid valve
Torque converter clutch
solenoid valve
Incomplete 1st Gear ratio value which is The diagnostic trouble code is displayed and the
shifting sent from the output shaft judgement condition occurs once. When the
2nd
speed sensor is not judgement condition is met four times, the A/T
3rd
identical to the output from control relay is turned off and for vehicles with sport
4th the input shaft speed mode "N" range light flashes. The transaxle will only
Reverse sensor for one second operate in 3rd and reverse gears until the system is
after shifting finished. repaired.
A/T control relay A/T control relay voltage is Switch the A/T control relay off and for vehicles with
less than seven volts for sport mode "N" range light flashes. The transaxle
0.1 second after the will only operate in 3rd and reverse gears until the
ignition switch is turned system is repaired.
"ON."
Abnormality in the PCM Abnormality has occurred Switch the A/T control relay off. The transaxle will
in the PCM. only operate in 3rd and reverse gears until the
system is repaired.
TSB Revision