54B-4 SIMPLIFIED WIRING SYSTEM (SWS)
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
Windshield Mist Wiper Operation park/neutral position switch "R" turns ON. One sec-
• If the windshield mist wiper switch is turned to the ond later, the ETACS-ECU turns ON the rear wiper
ON position with the ignition switch at the "ACC" drive signal for three seconds (approx. two cycles).
or "ON" position, the mist wiper high-speed oper- Then, 7.4 seconds later, the intermittent motion of
ation signal is sent to the front-ECU. This signal eight seconds’ cycle is restored.
turns on the wiper speed switching relay, causing
the wipers to work at high-speed while the mist . Rear Washer Operation
switch is on. If the rear wiper and washer switch is turned to the
• While the windshield mist wiper switch remains ON (washer) position with the ignition switch at the
turned on when the intermittent mode is still work- "ACC" or "ON" position, the rear washer ON signal is
ing, the wipers work as the mist wiper. However, sent to the ETACS-ECU, causing the rear wiper sig-
the wipers return to the intermittent mode again nal to turn on after 0.3 seconds. After the rear
when the switch is changed back to "INT" posi- washer switch signal turns off, the rear wiper signal
tion. turns off in three seconds. If the rear washer switch is
• To prevent the windshield mist wiper from operat- turned to the ON position while the rear wiper is in
ing when the windshield wiper switch is turned intermittent mode, the rear washer works for that
OFF, the windshield mist wiper does not work for period when the washer switch remains on. Then the
0.5 seconds after the windshield intermittent rear wipers return to the intermittent mode.
wiper switch, the windshield low-speed wiper
switch and the windshield high-speed wiper SEAT BELT WARNING LIGHT
switch are turned OFF.
If the driver turns the ignition switch to the "ON" posi-
tion without wearing the seat belt, the seat belt warn-
.
Windshield Washer Operation ing light illuminates to alert the driver to wear the seat
• If the windshield washer switch is turned to ON belt.
position with the ignition switch at "ACC" or "ON"
position, the windshield washer ON signal is sent HEADLIGHT
to the front-ECU, causing the windshield wiper
signal to turn on after 0.3 seconds. After the wind- .Headlight Automatic Shutdown Function
shield washer switch signal turns off, the wind- When the headlights or taillights are on, and the igni-
shield wiper signal turns off in three seconds. tion switch is turned from "ON" to "LOCK" (OFF) or
• If the windshield washer switch is turned on while "ACC" position or the ignition key is removed, the
the windshield wiper is at intermittent mode, headlights will be switched off in three minutes. If the
when the windshield washer switch is turned OFF driver’s door is opened within that three-minute
within 0.2 seconds, the wiper works only once to period, the headlights will be switched off automati-
perform mist operation by the windshield washer cally. This prevents the battery from discharging.
switch. When the ON condition of the windshield
.
washer switch continues more than 0.2 seconds, Headlight Dimmer Switch Automatic Resetting
the wiper performs the same movement as nor- Function
mal condition from the time when 0.2 seconds This function allows the dimmer switch to be reset to
has elapsed and then returns to the intermittent the low-beam position whenever the headlight switch
motion. is turned to the ON position.
REAR WIPER AND WASHER FLASHER TIMER
.Rear Wiper Operation .Turn-signal Light
If the rear wiper and washer switch is turned to "INT" When the ignition switch is turned to the "ON" posi-
position with the ignition switch at "ACC" or "ON" tion and turn-signal light switch is placed in the ON
position, the ETACS-ECU turns ON the rear wiper position for right or left turn-signaling, the system
drive signal for three seconds (approx. two cycles), generates turn-signal light drive signals (flashing sig-
then 7.4 seconds later the intermittent motion oper- nals). The system also notifies of a blown turn-signal
ates every eight seconds. If the selector lever is light bulb by shortening the flashing intervals of the
moved to the "R" position when the rear wiper and corresponding indicator light.
washer switch is turned to the "INT" position and the
ignition switch is at the "ACC" or "ON" position, the .
TSB Revision