11A-10 ENGINE MECHANICAL <2.4L>
ON VEHICLE SERVICE
LASH ADJUSTER CHECK
M1111002900121
If an abnormal noise (chattering noise) suspected to be caused
by malfunction of the lash adjuster is produced immediately
after starting the engine and does not disappear, perform the
following check.
NOTE: An abnormal noise due to malfunction of the lash
adjuster is produced immediately after starting the engine and
changes with the engine speed, irrespective of the engine load.
If, the abnormal noise is not produced immediately after start-
ing the engine or does not change with the engine speed, or it
changes with the engine load, the lash adjuster is not the cause
for the abnormal noise.
NOTE: When the lash adjuster is malfunctioning, the abnormal
noise is rarely eliminated by continuing the warming-up of the
engine at idle speed.
However, the abnormal noise may disappear only when seizure
is caused by oil sludge in the engine whose oil is not main-
tained properly.
1. Start the engine.
2. Check if the abnormal noise produced immediately after
starting the engine, changes with the change in the engine
speed.
If the abnormal noise is not produced immediately after
starting the engine or it does not change with the engine
speed, the lash adjuster is not the cause for the noise.
Therefore, investigate other causes. The abnormal noise is
probably caused by some other parts than the engine proper
if it does not change with the engine speed. (In this case, the
lash adjuster is in good condition.)
3. With the engine idling, change the engine load (shift from N
to D range, for example) to make sure that there is no
change in the level of abnormal noise.
If there is a change in the level of abnormal noise, suspect a
tapping noise due to worn crankshaft bearing or connecting
rod bearing. (In this case, the lash adjuster is in good
condition.)
4. After completion of warm-up, run the engine at idle to check
for abnormal noise.
If the noise is reduced or disappears, clean the lash adjuster
(Refer to GROUP 11B-Engine overhaul − Rocker Arms and
Camshaft − Inspection P.11B-27.) As it is suspected that the
noise is due to seizure of the lash adjuster. If there is no
change in the level of the abnormal noise, proceed to step 5.
5. Run the engine to bleed the lash adjuster system. (Refer to.)
6. If the abnormal noise does not disappear after air bleeding
operation, clean the lash adjuster (Refer to GROUP 11B-
Engine overhaul − Rocker Arms and Camshaft − Inspection
P.11B-27.)
.
TSB Revision