CHASSIS ELECTRICAL 54A-187
RADIO AND TAPE PLAYER
1. Factors due to signal conditions: Due to the fact
STEP 2. Check hat the following actions.
that long-distance signals are more easily
(1) Tune to a station with a stronger wave.
received at night, even stations that are received
(2) Tune to a station with a stronger wave without
without problem during the day may experience
completely extending the antenna (Whip
interference in a general worsening of reception
antenna).
conditions. The weaker a station is the more
Q: Is there more noise than on radio in other
susceptible it is to interference, and a change to
vehicles?
different station or the appearance of a beating
YES : Consult the radio manufacturer’s service
sound* may occur.
center.
NOTE: Beat sound*: Two signals close in fre-
NO : Check that there is no noise.
quency interfere with each other, creating a repeti-
tious high-pitched sound. This sound is generated
STEP 3. Check that the noise fades away when
not only by sound signals but electrical waves as
the vehicle harness is moved away from the
well.
radio (if the harness is not in the proper
2. Factors due to vehicles noise: Generator noise
position).
may be a cause.
Q: Does the noise fade away when the vehicle
.
DIAGNOSIS
harness is moved any from the radio (If the
harness is not in the proper position)?
YES : Consult the radio manufacturer’s service
STEP 1. Check that the noise still obvious even
center.
when the lights are off.
NO : If there is more noise than other radios,
Q: Is the noise still obvious even when the lights are consult the radio manufacturer’s service
off?
center.
YES : Go to Step 2.
NO : Go to Step 3.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 9: Broadcasts can be Heard but Both AM and FM have a lot of Noise.
DIAGNOSIS
STEP 3. Check that the radio is correctly
grounded
STEP 1. Check that the noise occur when the
Q: Is the radio correctly grounded?
engine is stopped or the engine is running.
YES : Go to Step 4.
Q: Does noise occur when the engine is stopped or NO : Consult the radio manufacturer’s service
the engine is running? center.
When the engine is stopped : Go to Step 2.
When the engine is running : Check the vehicle’s
STEP 4. Check that the antenna plug properly
noise suppressor. (Refer to Inspection
connected to the radio?
Procedure 12 P.54A-190.)
Q: Is the antenna plug properly connected to the
radio?
STEP 2. Check that the following actions
YES : Go to Step 7.
disappear the noise.
NO : Go to Step 5.
(1) Tune to a station with a stronger wave.
(2) Extend the antenna completely (Mast antenna).
STEP 5. Check that the noise is eliminated when
(3) Adjust the sound quality to suppress high tones.
the antenna plug is properly attached.
Q: Is the noise eliminated?
YES : Consult the radio manufacturer’s service Q: Is the noise eliminated?
YES : Consult the radio manufacturer’s service
center.
center.
NO : Go to Step 3.
NO : Go to Step 6.
TSB Revision