MULTIPORT FUEL INJECTION (MFI) <3.0L> 13B-21
MULTIPORT FUEL INJECTION (MFI) DIAGNOSIS
READINESS TEST STATUS When the monitors run and complete, the MUT II will
record the Readiness Code as "Complete" (General
.Purpose
Scan Tools record as "Ready"). If the monitor did not
The Readiness function also referred as I/M Readi-
run completely, the system then reads as "Incom-
ness or I/M Flags indicate if a full diagnostic check
plete" (General Scan Tools record as "Not Ready").
has been "Completed" (is "Ready") for each non-
When the vehicle is operating normally and the OBD
continuous monitor. Enhanced I/M State Emission
II Drive Cycle is carried out, Readiness Code will set
Programs will use the Readiness status (Codes) to
as "Complete" on the first drive cycle. If during the
see if the vehicle is ready for OBD II testing. "Incom-
first drive cycle a fault is detected then, a second
plete" (Not Ready) codes will be one of the triggers
drive is required before the Readiness Code will
for I/M failure.
"Complete". If the fault is still there, then a DTC will
set.
. Overview • Catalyst: P0421, P0431
The engine control module (ECM) <M/T> or power- • Evaporative system: P0442, P0455, P0456
train control module (PCM) <A/T> monitors the fol- • Heated oxygen sensor: P0133, P0153
lowing main diagnosis items and records whether the • Heated oxygen sensor heater: P0135, P0141,
evaluation was completed or is incomplete. The P0155, P0161
Readiness codes were established for the I/M pro- • EGR system: P0401
grams, thereby confirming that the vehicle was not After the Readiness is "Complete", the technician is
tampered with by erasing the DTC’s before I/M test- assured that any DTC’s associated with that monitor
ing. The Readiness and DTC codes can be reset by will be displayed if the system has a problem. That is
disconnecting the battery or by erasing the codes why some State’s I/M programs require the Readi-
with a scan tool. For this reason all Readiness codes ness Code as "Complete" before they check for
must read "Complete" before I/M testing. When the DTC’s.
monitors run and complete, the MUT II will record the
NOTE: After a repair is mode for a DTC the techni-
Readiness Code as "Complete" (General Scan Tools
cian should drive the OBD II drive cycle checking
record as "Ready"). If the monitor did not run com-
that the MUT II records all Readiness as "Complete".
pletely, the system then reads as "Incomplete" (Gen-
eral Scan Tools record as "Not Ready").
FAIL-SAFE FUNCTION REFERENCE TABLE
M1131153000028
When the main sensor malfunctions are detected by the diagnostic test mode, the vehicle is controlled by
means of the following defaults.
MALFUNCTION ITEM CONTROL CONTENTS DURING MALFUNCTION
Volume air flow sensor 1.Uses the throttle position sensor signal and engine speed signal (crankshaft
position sensor signal) for basic injector drive time and basic ignition timing
from the pre-set mapping.
2.Fixes the IAC motor in the appointed position so idle air control is not
performed.
Intake air temperature Controls as if the intake air temperature is 25°C (77°F).
sensor
Throttle position sensor No increase in fuel injection amount during acceleration due to the unreliable
throttle position sensor signal.
Engine coolant Controls as if the engine coolant temperature is 80°C (176°F). (This control will
temperature sensor be continued until the ignition switch is turned to the "LOCK" (OFF) position
even though the sensor signal returns to normal.)
Camshaft position sensor Injects fuel simultaneously into all cylinders. (After the ignition switch is turned to
the "ON" position, the No.1 cylinder top dead center is not detected at all.)
Barometric pressure Controls as if the barometric pressure is 101 kPa (30 in Hg).
sensor
TSB Revision