54A-188 CHASSIS ELECTRICAL
RADIO AND TAPE PLAYER
ated by typical noise interference (first fading and
STEP 6. Check that the antenna is in good
multipath). (Refer to Inspection Procedure 8.) <Noise
condition and is it properly mounted.
(hissing) occurs in weak signal areas such as moun-
Q: Is the antenna in good condition and is it properly tainous regions, but this is not due to a problem with
mounted? the radio.>
YES : Consult the radio manufacturer’s service
NOTE: Furthermore, the amount of interference will
center.
be comparatively less for vehicles equipped with a
NO : Go to Step 7.
diversity antenna system*. If there is an equivalent
amount of distortion in vehicles or radios of the same
STEP 7. Clean the antenna plug and ground wire type, then differences will be because of differences
mounting area. Mount the antenna securely. in antenna systems, and this should be explained to
NOTE: Noise encountered during FM reception only the user.
due to differences in FM and AM system, FM is not NOTE: Diversity antenna system*: A system where
as susceptible as AM to interference from engines, two types of antenna (glass main antenna and glass
power lines, lighting, etc. On the other hand, due to sub antenna) are equipped and the antenna that pro-
the characteristics of FM waves, there are some- vides the best reception car be selected.
times cases of noise or distortion which are gener-
Q: Is the antenna in good condition?
YES : Consult the radio manufacturer’s service
center.
NO : Clean or repair it. Check the noise is
eliminated. If the noise is not eliminated,
consult the radio manufacturer’s service
center.
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 10: There is More Noise on Either AM or FM.
.
DIAGNOSIS STEP 2. Continue to check for static; when static
There is much noise only on AM. Due to differences is detected, check for the conditions listed
in AM and FM systems, AM is more susceptible to above.
noise interference.
Q: Is there noise in the state described in Step 1?
YES : Noise prevention on the radio side is
STEP 1. Check that there is noise under the difficult. If the problem is particularly worse
following state(s). than other radios, consult a service center.
• A motorcycle was passing. NO : Go to Step 3.
• Lighting was flashing.
• A vehicle passed close by, but it appeared to be a
vehicle generating a particularly large amount of
noise radiation.
• Passed beneath a power line.
• Passed beneath a telephone line.
• Passed close by a signal generator.
• Passed close by some other sources of electrical
noise.
• Passed under a bridge.
Q: Is there noise in the above states?
YES : Go to Step 3.
NO : Go to Step 2.
TSB Revision