ENGINE ELECTRICAL 16-7
CHARGING SYSTEM
2. Turn the ignition switch to the "LOCK" (OFF) 10.With the engine running at 2,500 r/min, turn the
position. headlights and other lights on and off to adjust the
generator load so that the value displayed on the
WARNING
ammeter is slightly above 30 A.
Battery posts, terminals and related acces-
sories contain lead and lead compounds. Limit value: maximum 0.3 V
WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING. NOTE: When the generator output is high and the
value displayed on the ammeter does not
3. Disconnect the negative battery cable.
decrease to 30 A, set the value to 40 A. Read the
4. Disconnect the generator output wire from the
value displayed on the voltmeter at this time.
generator "B" terminal and connect a DC test
In this case the limit value becomes maximum 0.4
ammeter with a range of 0 − 100 A in series
V.
between the "B" terminal and the disconnected
Adjust the engine speed by gradually decreasing
output wire. (Connect the positive lead of the
it until the value displayed on the ammeter is 30
ammeter to the "B" terminal, and then connect the
A. Take a reading of the value displayed on the
negative lead of the ammeter to the disconnected
voltmeter at this time.
output wire.)
11.If the value displayed on the voltmeter is above
NOTE: A clamp-type ammeter which enables
the limit value, there is probably a malfunction in
measurements to be taken without disconnecting
the generator output wire. Check the wiring
the generator output wire is recommended. If the
between the generator "B" terminal and the
voltage may have dropped due to a bad connec-
positive battery terminal (including fusible link).
tion at generator "B" terminal and the generator
If a terminal is not sufficiently tight or if the
"B" terminal is loosened when the test ammeter is
harness has become discolored due to
connected, the connection will be completed at
overheating, repair and then test again.
this time and the possibility of finding the prob-
lems will be reduced. 12.After the test, run the engine at idle.
5. Connect a digital-type voltmeter between the 13.Turn off all lights and turn the ignition switch to the
generator "B" terminal and the positive battery "LOCK" (OFF) position.
terminal. (Connect the positive lead of the 14.Disconnect the tachometer or scan tool
voltmeter to the "B" terminal, and then connect the MB991502.
negative lead of the voltmeter to the positive
WARNING
battery cable.)
Battery posts, terminals and related acces-
WARNING sories contain lead and lead compounds.
Battery posts, terminals and related acces- WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.
sories contain lead and lead compounds.
15.Disconnect the negative battery cable.
WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.
16.Disconnect the ammeter and voltmeter and
6. Reconnect the negative battery cable.
tachometer.
7. Connect a tachometer or scan tool MB991502.
17.Connect the generator output wire to the
8. Leave the hood open. generator "B" terminal.
9. Start the engine.
WARNING
Battery posts, terminals and related acces-
sories contain lead and lead compounds.
WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.
18.Connect the negative battery cable.
TSB Revision