54A-190 CHASSIS ELECTRICAL
RADIO AND TAPE PLAYER
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 11: There is Noise when Starting the Engine.
. NOTE: Coil: The coil passes DC current, but imped-
DIAGNOSIS
ance rises as the number of waves increases relative
CAUTION
to the AC current. A noise suppressing coil which
• Connecting a high tension cable to the noise
takes advantage of this property is inserted into the
filter may destroy the noise filter and should
power line for the noise source, and works by pre-
never be done.
venting the noise component from flowing or radiat-
• Check that there is no external noise. Since ing out of the line.
failure to do this may result in an incorrect
diagnosis due to the inability to identify the
noise source, this operation must be per-
formed.
• Noise prevention should be performed by
suppressing strong sources of noise step by
step.
NOTE: Capacitor: The capacitor does not pass DC
current, but as the number of waves increases when
it passes AC current, impedance (resistance against
AC) decreases, and current flow is facilitated. A
noise suppressing capacitor which take advantage of
this property is inserted between the power line for
the noise source and the ground. This suppresses
noise by grounding the noise component (AC or
pulse signal) to the body of the vehicle.
NOISE TYPE SOUNDS CONDITIONS CAUSE REMEDY
ARE IN PARENTHESES
AM, FM: ignition noise • Increasing the engine • Mainly due to the • Check or replace the
(popping, snapping, speed causes the spark plugs ground cable.
cracking, buzzing) generator whine • Due to engine noise • Check or replace the
sound to speed up noise capacitor. <2.4L
and the volume to ENGINE>
decrease
• Disappears when the
ignition switch turned
to "ACC."
Other electrical − Noise may occur as the Repair or replace the
components electrical components electrical components.
become older.
Static electricity (cracking, • Disappears when the Occurs when parts or Return parts or wiring to
crinkling) vehicle is completely wiring move for some their proper position.
stopped. reason and contact metal
• Severe when the parts of the body.
clutch is engaged
Static electricity (cracking, • Various noise are Due to removal of the Ground parts by bonding.
crinkling) produced depending front hood, bumpers, Cases where the
on the body part of the exhaust pipe and muffler, problem is not eliminated
vehicle. suspension, etc. by a signal response to
one area are common,
due to several body parts
being imperfectly
grounded.
TSB Revision