54A-186 CHASSIS ELECTRICAL
RADIO AND TAPE PLAYER
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 7: Noise Appears at Certain Places when Traveling (FM).
FIRST FADING
INTERFERENCE
MALTIPATH INTERFERENCE
FOR STEREO:
20 - 25 km
10kW (12 - 16 miles)
OUTPUT FM
BROAD CAST FOR MONAURAL:
30 - 40 km (19 - 25 miles)
FOR HOME STEREO: ACX01869AC
80 - 90 km (50 - 56 miles)
. 4. Since FM stereo transmission and reception has a
DIAGNOSIS
weaker field than monaural, it is often
NOTE: About FM waves: FM waves have the same
accompanied by a hissing noise.
properties as light, and can be deflected and
After taking measures to prevent the noise, check
blocked. Wave reception is not possible in the
that no noise occurs.
shadow of obstructions such as buildings or moun-
5. Change to a different station with a stronger wave
tains.
to boost resistance to interference.
1. The signal becomes weak as the distance from
6. Suppress high tones to reduce noise.
the station’s transmission antenna increases. This
may depend on the signal strength of the 7. Extend antenna completely.
transmitting station and intervening geographical If there is noise, the following causes can be consid-
formation of buildings. Generally speaking, the ered.
area of good reception is approximately 20 - 25 8. If due to vehicle noise: It may not be possible to
km (12 − 16 miles) for stereo reception, and 30 − prevent noise if the signal is weak.
40 km (19 − 25 miles) for monaural reception. 9. If due to external noise: In almost all cases,
2. The signal becomes weak when an area of prevention on the receiver side is impossible.
shadow from the transmitting antenna (places Weak signals especially are susceptible to
where there are obstructions such as mountains interference.
or buildings between the station transmitter and If there is more noise than on radios in other vehi-
the vehicle), and noise will appear. <This is called cles, find out the noise condition and the name and
first fading, and gives a steady buzzing noise.> frequency of the receiving stations from the owner,
3. If a direct signal hits the antenna at the same time and consult with the radio manufacturer’s service
as a signal reflected by obstructions such as center.
mountains or buildings, interference of the two
signals will generate noise. During traveling, noise
will appear each time the vehicle’s antenna
passes through this kind of obstructed area. The
strength and interval of the noise varies according
to the signal strength and the conditions of
deflection. <This is called multipath noise, and is a
repetitive buzzing.>
INSPECTION PROCEDURE 8: Mixed with Noise, Only at Night (AM).
The following factors can be considered as possible
causes of noise appearing at night.
TSB Revision