AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE 23A-15
AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE DIAGNOSIS
A/T DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLESHOOTING STRATEGY
M1231007600168
Use these steps to plan your diagnostic strategy. If 6. If there is a DTC, record the number of the code,
you follow them carefully, you will find most A/T then erase the code from memory using the scan
faults. tool.
1. Gather as much information as possible about the 7. Reconfirm the symptom using the Road Test.
complaint from the customer.
8. If DTC is set again, go to Inspection Chart for
2. Verify that the condition described by the Diagnostic Trouble Codes.
customer exists.
9. If DTC is not set again, the malfunction is
3. Check the vehicle for any A/T Diagnostic Trouble intermittent. For information on how to cope with
Code (DTC). intermittent malfunctions, refer to GROUP 00,
4. If you cannot verify the condition and there are no How to Use Troubleshooting/Inspection Service
DTC, the malfunction is intermittent. For Points − How to Cope with Intermittent
information on how to cope with intermittent Malfunction P.00-6.
malfunctions, refer to GROUP 00, How to Use 10.After repairs are completed, conduct a Road Test
Troubleshooting/Inspection Service Points − How duplicating the complaint set conditions to confirm
to Cope with Intermittent Malfunction P.00-6. the malfunction has been eliminated.
5. If you can verify the condition but there are no
DTC, or the system cannot communicate with the
scan tool, refer to Symptom Chart P.23A-41.
A/T DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE DIAGNOSIS
M1231007700154
CHECK "N" RANGE LIGHT <VEHICLES WITH
SPORT MODE>
The "N" range light flashes once per second if there is an
abnormality in any of the items in the table below which are
related to the A/T system. Check for diagnostic trouble codes if
the "N" range light is flashing once per second.
"N" range light flashing items
Input shaft speed sensor
Output shaft speed sensor
Each solenoid valve
AC001816
Gear incorrect ratio
A/T control relay system
CAUTION
If the "N" range light is flashing twice per second, it means
that the A/T fluid temperature is too high. Stop the vehicle
in a safe place and wait until the "N" range light switches
off.
ON-BOARD DIAGNOSTICS sport mode> diagnostic items. The diagnostic results
can be read with a scan tool. Diagnostic trouble
The powertrain control module (PCM) monitors its
codes are kept in memory by direct battery feed. The
input/output signals (some signals all the time and
codes are retained in memory even if the ignition
others under specified conditions). When an irregular
switch is in the "LOCK" (OFF) position. Diagnostic
signal is initially monitored, the PCM decides that a
trouble codes will, however, be erased when a bat-
malfunction has occurred and records the occur-
tery terminal or the PCM connector is disconnected.
rence as a diagnostic trouble code. There are 24
In addition, the diagnostic trouble code can also be
<Vehicles without sport mode> or 25 <Vehicles with
erased by the scan tool MUT-II (MB991502).
TSB Revision