ENGINE MECHANICAL <3.0L> 11C-9
ON VEHICLE SERVICE
NOTE: This will erase the diagnostic trouble code resulting
from the distributor connector being disconnected.
MANIFOLD VACUUM CHECK
M1111002700116
1. Before inspection, set the vehicle in the following condition
• Engine coolant temperature: 80 − 95°C (176 − 203°F)
VACUUM GAUGE • Lights, and all accessories: OFF
• Transaxle: Neutral (P range on vehicles with A/T)
2. Connect a tachometer.
3. Attach a tee-fitting union to the vacuum hose between the
fuel pressure regulator and the intake manifold plenum, and
connect a vacuum gauge.
4. Start the engine and check that idle speed is within
AKX01200AB specification. Then check the vacuum gauge reading.
Idle speed: 700 ± 100 r/min
Minimum limit: 60 kPa (18 in Hg)
LASH ADJUSTER CHECK
M1111002900132
If an abnormal noise (chattering noise) suspected to be caused
by malfunction of the lash adjuster is produced immediately
after starting the engine and does not disappear, perform the
following check.
NOTE: An abnormal noise due to malfunction of the lash
adjuster is produced immediately after starting the engine and
changes with the engine speed, irrespective of the engine load.
If, the abnormal noise is not produced immediately after start-
ing the engine or does not change with the engine speed, or it
changes with the engine load, the lash adjuster is not the cause
for the abnormal noise.
NOTE: When the lash adjuster is malfunctioning, the abnormal
noise is rarely eliminated by continuing the warming-up of the
engine at idle speed.
However, the abnormal noise may disappear only when seizure
is caused by oil sludge in the engine whose oil is not main-
tained properly.
1. Start the engine.
2. Check if the abnormal noise produced immediately after
starting the engine, changes with the change in the engine
speed.
If the abnormal noise is not produced immediately after
starting the engine or it does not change with the engine
speed, the lash adjuster is not the cause for the noise.
Therefore, investigate other causes. The abnormal noise is
probably caused by some other parts than the engine proper
if it does not change with the engine speed. (In this case, the
lash adjuster is in good condition.)
3. With the engine idling, change the engine load (shift from N
to D range, for example) to make sure that there is no
change in the level of abnormal noise.
TSB Revision