12-2 ENGINE LUBRICATION
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
.
M1121000100205
The lubrication method is a fully force-fed, full-flow fil-
tration type.
ITEMS 2.4L ENGINE 3.0L ENGINE
Oil pump type Involute gear type Trochoid type
Drive method Timing belt Crankshaft
ENGINE OILS
WARNING
Prolonged and repeated contact with mineral oil will result in the removal of natural fats from
the skin, leading to dryness, irritation and dermatitis. In addition, used engine oil contains
potentially harmful contaminants which may cause skin cancer. Adequate means of skin pro-
tection and washing facilities must be provided.
. • Where there is a risk of eye contact, eye protec-
Recommended Precautions:
tion should be worn i.e. chemical goggles or face
The most effective precaution is to adapt working
shields. In addition, an eye wash facility should
practices which prevent, as far as practical, the risk
be provided.
of skin contact with mineral oils i.e. use enclosed
• Obtain First Aid treatment immediately for open
systems for handling used engine oil and decrease
cuts and wounds.
components, where practical, before handling them.
• Wash regularly with soap and water to ensure all
oil is removed, especially before meals (skin
.
Other Precautions:
cleansers and nail brushes will help). After clean-
• Avoid prolonged and repeated contact with oil,
ing, apply lotion, etc., containing lanolin to
particularly used engine oil.
replace natural skin oils is advised.
• Wear protective clothing, including impervious
• Do not use gasoline, kerosene, diesel fuel, gas
gloves where practical.
oil, thinners or solvents for cleaning skin.
• Avoid contaminating clothes, particularly under
• Apply barrier creams before each work period to
wear, with oil.
help clean the skin after work.
• Do not put oily rags in pockets.
• If skin disorders develop, obtain medical advice
• Do not wear heavily soiled clothing and oil-
immediately.
soaked foot-wear. Overalls must be cleaned reg-
ularly and kept separate from personal clothing.
SPECIAL TOOLS
M1121000600244
TOOL TOOL NUMBER AND SUPERSESSION APPLICATION
NAME
MB991396 − Removal and installation of
Oil filter wrench engine oil filter (when using
the oil filter of MD360935,
MD325714, MD332687 and
MD365876) <2.4L Engine>
B991396
MD998054 − Removal and installation of
Oil pressure switch oil pressure switch
wrench
TSB Revision