Audi TT 2007 ➤
4-cylinder direct petrol injection engine (2.0 ltr. 4-valve turbo TTS), mechanics - Edition 01.2008
4 General repair instructions
4.1 Rules for cleanliness when working on
fuel supply system, injection system and
turbocharger
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. For this rea‐
son, please observe the following rules when working on the fuel
supply system, injection system and turbocharger:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open lines and connections with clean plugs or sealing
caps immediately.
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Use only lint-free cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have not been stored in their packing (e.g. in tool boxes
etc.).
♦ When the system is open, do not work with compressed air
and do not move the vehicle.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
4.2 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if unsuitable fasteners are used (e.g.
bolts, nuts, washers, etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
used.
Additionally, all rubber and plastic parts and all adhesives are
made of non-conductive materials.
Always install new parts if you are not sure whether used parts
can be re-fitted ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Note the following:
♦ We recommend using only genuine replacement parts; these
have been tested and are compatible with aluminium.
♦ We recommend the use of Audi accessories.
♦ Damage caused by contact corrosion is not covered under
warranty.
4.3 Routing and attachment of pipes, hoses
and wiring
Mark hyd raulic lines, vacuum lines and electrical wiring before
removal so they can be re-installed in the original positions and
correctly connected. Make sketches or take photographs if nec‐
essary.
9
4. General repair instructions