Audi TT 2007 ➤
4-cylinder TDI engine (2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail), mechanics - Edition 04.2010
Caution
Avoid damage to sealing surfaces.
♦ Carefully remove sealant residue from cylinder head and
cylinder block.
♦ Ensure that no long scores or scratches are made on the
surfaces.
Avoid damage to cylinder block.
♦ No oil or coolant must be allowed to remain in the blind
holes for the cylinder head bolts in the cylinder block.
Risk of leaks at cylinder head gasket.
♦ Carefully remove any sealant residue from the cylinder
head and cylinder block. Ensure that no long scores or
scratches are made on the surfaces.
♦ Carefully remove any remaining emery and abrasive ma‐
terial.
♦ Do not remove new cylinder head gasket from packaging
until it is ready to be fitted.
♦ Handle the cylinder head gasket very carefully to prevent
damage to the silicone coating or the indented area of the
gasket.
Avoid damage to open valves.
♦ When installing an exchange cylinder head, the plastic
protectors fitted to protect the open valves should not be
removed until the cylinder head is ready to be fitted.
Avoid damage to valves and piston crowns after working on
valve gear.
♦ Turn the crankshaft carefully at least 2 rotations to ensure
that none of the valves make contact when the starter is
operated.
Note
♦ Renew the bolts tightened with specified tightening angle.
♦ Renew self-locking nuts as well as seals, gaskets and O-rings.
♦ Cylinder heads must not be reworked on TDI engines.
♦ When installing an exchange cylinder head, the contact sur‐
faces between roller rocker fingers and cams must be oiled.
♦ Hose connections and air pipes and hoses must be free of oil
and grease before assembly.
♦ Secure all hose connections with the correct type of hose clips
(same as original equipment) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ To ensure that the air hoses can be properly secured at their
connections, spray rust remover onto the worm thread of used
hose clips before installing.
♦ After fitting a new cylinder head or cylinder head gasket,
change the engine oil and the coolant in the entire cooling
system.
112
Rep. Gr.15 - Cylinder head, valve gear