Audi TT 2007 ➤
4-cylinder TDI engine (2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail - generation II), mechanics - Edition 05.2010
4 General repair instructions
4.1 Rules for cleanliness when working on
fuel supply system, injection system and
turbocharger
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. For this rea‐
son, please observe the following rules when working on the fuel
supply system, injection system and turbocharger:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open pipes/lines and connections using engine bung
set -VAS 6122- .
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Do not use fluffy cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have not been stored in the proper packaging (e.g. in tool
boxes etc.).
♦ When the system is open: Do not work with compressed air.
Do not move the vehicle unless absolutely necessary.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
4.2 Checking for leaks in the fuel system
Procedure
– Allow engine to run for several minutes at moderate rpm.
– Switch off ignition.
– Check complete fuel system for leaks.
– If leaks are found although the connections have been tight‐
ened to the correct torque, the relevant component must be
renewed.
– Road-test vehicle and accelerate with full throttle at least once.
– Then inspect high-pressure section of fuel system again for
leaks.
4.3 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if unsuitable fasteners are used (e.g.
bolts, nuts, washers, etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
used.
Additionally, all rubber and plastic parts and all adhesives are
made of non-conductive materials.
Always install new parts if you are not sure whether used parts
can be re-fitted ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Note the following:
♦ We recommend using only genuine replacement parts; these
have been tested and are compatible with aluminium.
6
Rep. Gr.00 - Technical data