Audi TT 2007 ➤
4-cylinder TDI engine (2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail - generation II), mechanics - Edition 05.2010
– Release hose clip -arrow-, disconnect coolant hose from en‐
gine oil cooler and drain off remaining coolant.
Filling
Note
♦ The cooling system is filled all year round with a mixture of
water and coolant additive. Mixture ratio ⇒ page 173 .
♦ Use only the coolant additive listed in the ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue . Other coolant additives could seriously impair in
particular the anti-corrosion properties. The resulting damage
could lead to loss of coolant and consequently to serious en‐
gine damage.
♦ The specified coolant (based on recommended mixture ratio)
⇒ page 173 prevents frost and corrosion damage and stops
scaling. Such additives also raise the boiling point of the cool‐
ant. For these reasons the cooling system must be filled all
year round with the correct coolant/anticorrosion additive.
♦ Because of its high boiling point, the coolant improves engine
reliability under heavy loads, particularly in countries with trop‐
ical climates.
♦ Frost protection is required down to about –25 °C (in countries
with arctic climate: down to about –35 °C).
♦ The coolant concentration must not be reduced by adding wa‐
ter even in warmer seasons and in warmer countries. The
coolant concentration must be at least 40 %.
♦ If greater frost protection is required in very cold climates, the
coolant concentration can be increased, but only up to 60%
(this gives frost protection down to about –40 °C). If the con‐
centration exceeds 60%, frost protection decreases again and
cooling efficiency is also impaired.
♦ Use only clean tap water for mixing coolant.
♦ Drained-off coolant must not be used again if the radiator, heat
exchanger, cylinder head, cylinder head gasket or cylinder
block are renewed.
♦ Contaminated or dirty coolant must not be used again.
♦ To check anti-freeze protection in cooling system, use refrac‐
tometer -T10007- .
♦ Secure all hose connections with the correct type of hose clips
(same as original equipment) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Recommended mixture ratio for coolant
• Coolant (40 %) and water (60 %) for frost protection to –25 °
C
• Coolant (50 %) and water (50 %) for frost protection to –35 °
C
• Coolant (60 %) and water (40 %) for frost protection to –40 °
C
♦ Coolant ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
173
1. Cooling system