Audi TT 2007 ➤
4-cylinder direct petrol injection engine (2.0 ltr. 4-valve turbo), mechanics - Edition 11.2006
– To drain off coolant, detach bottom coolant hose -arrow-.
Filling
Note
♦ The cooling system is filled all year round with a mixture of
water and radiator antifreeze/anti-corrosion agent.
♦ Only use coolant additive G 12+ in accordance with TL -
VW 774 F- . Other coolant additives could seriously impair in
particular the anticorrosion properties. The resulting damage
could lead to loss of coolant and consequently to serious en‐
gine damage.
♦ Coolant additive G12+ can be mixed with additives G11 and
G12.
♦ G 12+ and coolant additives marked "meeting specification TL
-VW 774- F" prevent frost and corrosion damage as well as
scaling. Such additives also raise the boiling point of the cool‐
ant. For these reasons the cooling system must be filled all
year round with the correct antifreeze and anticorrosion addi‐
tive.
♦ Because of its high boiling point, the coolant improves engine
reliability under heavy loads, particularly in countries with trop‐
ical climates.
♦ Frost protection is required down to about –25 °C (in countries
with arctic climate: down to about –35 °C).
♦ The coolant concentration must not be reduced by adding wa‐
ter even in warmer seasons and in warmer countries. The
antifreeze concentration must be at least 40 %.
♦ If greater frost protection is required in very cold climates, the
amount of G 12+ can be increased, but only up to 60 % (this
gives frost protection to about -40 °C), as otherwise frost pro‐
tection is reduced again, as is cooling effectiveness.
♦ Use only clean tap water for mixing coolant.
♦ If radiator, heat exchanger, cylinder head, cylinder head gas‐
ket or cylinder block are renewed, do not reuse old coolant.
♦ Contaminated or dirty coolant must not be used again.
♦ For checking anti-freeze protection in cooling system, use re‐
fractometer -T10007- for coolant additive G12+.
– Connect bottom coolant hose to radiator -arrow-.
149
1. Removing and installing parts of cooling system