Audi TT 2007 ➤
4-cylinder direct petrol injection engine (1.8 ltr., 2.0 ltr. 4-valve turbo), mechanics - Edition 11.2010
4 General repair instructions
⇒ „4.1 Rules for cleanliness when working on fuel supply system,
injection system and turbocharger“, page 6
⇒ „4.2 Checking fuel system for leaks“, page 6
⇒ „4.3 Foreign particles in engine“, page 6
⇒ „4.4 Contact corrosion!“, page 7
⇒ „4.5 Routing and attachment of pipes, hoses and wiring“, page
7
⇒ „4.6 Checking vacuum system“, page 7
⇒ „4.7 Installing radiators, condensers and charge air coolers“,
page 8
4.1 Rules for cleanliness when working on
fuel supply system, injection system and
turbocharger
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. For this rea‐
son, please observe the following rules when working on the fuel
supply system, injection system and turbocharger:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open pipes/lines and connections immediately with
clean plugs, e.g. from engine bung set -VAS 6122- .
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Use only lint-free cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have not been stored in their packing (e.g. in tool boxes
etc.).
♦ When the system is open, do not work with compressed air
and do not move the vehicle.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
4.2 Checking fuel system for leaks
– Allow engine to run for several minutes at moderate rpm.
– Switch off ignition.
– Check complete fuel system for leaks.
– If leaks are found although the connections have been tight‐
ened to the correct torque, the relevant component must be
renewed.
– Road-test vehicle and accelerate with full throttle at least once.
– Then inspect high-pressure section of fuel system again for
leaks.
4.3 Foreign particles in engine
♦ When working on the engine, all open inlet and exhaust ports
must be sealed with suitable plugs (e.g. from engine bung set
6
Rep. gr.00 - Technical data