Audi TT 2007 ➤
5-cylinder direct petrol injection engine (2.5 ltr. 4-valve turbo), mechanics - Edition 12.2010
Vehicles with dual clutch gearbox:
– Release hose clip -arrow-, disconnect coolant hose and drain
off coolant.
Filling
Note
♦ The cooling system is filled all year round with a mixture of
water and coolant additive. Mixture ratio ⇒ page 166 .
♦ Use only the coolant additive listed in the ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue . Other coolant additives could seriously impair in
particular the anti-corrosion properties. The resulting damage
could lead to loss of coolant and consequently to serious en‐
gine damage.
♦ The specified coolant (based on recommended mixture ratio)
⇒ page 166 prevents frost and corrosion damage and stops
scaling. Such additives also raise the boiling point of the cool‐
ant. For these reasons the cooling system must be filled all
year round with the correct coolant additive.
♦ Because of its high boiling point, the coolant improves engine
reliability under heavy loads, particularly in countries with trop‐
ical climates.
♦ Frost protection is required down to about –25 °C (in countries
with arctic climate: down to about –35 °C).
♦ The coolant concentration must not be reduced by adding wa‐
ter even in warmer seasons and in warmer countries. The
coolant concentration must be at least 40 %.
♦ If greater frost protection is required in very cold climates, the
concentration of coolant additive can be increased, but only
up to 60% (this gives frost protection to about –40 °C). If the
concentration exceeds 60%, frost protection decreases again
and cooling efficiency is also impaired.
♦ Use only clean tap water for mixing coolant.
♦ If radiator, heat exchanger, cylinder head, cylinder head gas‐
ket or cylinder block have been renewed, do not re-use old
coolant.
♦ Contaminated or dirty coolant must not be used again.
♦ For checking anti-freeze protection in cooling system, use re‐
fractometer -T10007- .
♦ Secure all hose connections with the correct type of hose clips
(same as original equipment) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Recommended mixture ratio for coolant
• Coolant (40 %) and water (60 %) for frost protection to –25 °
C
• Coolant (50 %) and water (50 %) for frost protection to –35 °
C
• Coolant (60 %) and water (40 %) for frost protection to –40 °
C
• Coolant ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
166
Rep. gr.19 - Cooling