Audi TT 2007 ➤
5-cylinder direct petrol injection engine (2.5 ltr. 4-valve turbo), mechanics - Edition 12.2010
Installing
• Tightening torques
⇒ „2.1 Cylinder head cover and cylinder head - exploded view“,
page 99
• Camshafts locked in position with camshaft clamp -T40070- .
Caution
Avoid damage to sealing surfaces.
♦ Carefully remove sealant residue from cylinder head and
cylinder block.
♦ Ensure that no long scores or scratches are made on the
surfaces.
Avoid damage to cylinder block.
♦ No oil or coolant must be allowed to remain in the blind
holes for the cylinder head bolts in the cylinder block.
Risk of leaks at cylinder head gasket.
♦ Carefully remove any sealant residue from the cylinder
head and cylinder block. Ensure that no long scores or
scratches are made on the surfaces.
♦ Carefully remove any remaining emery and abrasive ma‐
terial.
♦ Do not remove new cylinder head gasket from packaging
until it is ready to be fitted.
♦ Handle the cylinder head gasket very carefully to prevent
damage to the silicone coating or the indented area of the
gasket.
Avoid damage to open valves.
♦ When installing an exchange cylinder head, the plastic
protectors fitted to protect the open valves should not be
removed until the cylinder head is ready to be fitted.
Note
♦ Renew the bolts tightened with specified tightening angle.
♦ Renew self-locking nuts as well as seals, gaskets and O-rings.
♦ When installing an exchange cylinder head, the contact sur‐
faces between the hydraulic compensation elements, roller
rocker fingers and cams must be oiled before installing the
cylinder head.
♦ Hose connections and air pipes and hoses must be free of oil
and grease before assembly.
♦ Secure all hose connections with the correct type of hose clips
(same as original equipment) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ To ensure that the charge air hoses can be properly secured
at their connections, spray rust remover onto the worm thread
of used hose clips before installing.
♦ After fitting a new cylinder head or cylinder head gasket,
change the engine oil and coolant.
– Clean sealing surfaces; they must be free of oil and grease.
110
Rep. gr.15 - Cylinder head, valve gear