Audi TT 2007 ➤
6-cylinder injection engine (3.2 ltr. 4-valve), mechanics - Edition 03.2009
4 General repair instructions
4.1 Rules for cleanliness when working on
fuel supply system, injection system and
turbocharger
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. For this rea‐
son, please observe the following rules when working on the fuel
supply system, injection system and turbocharger:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open pipes/lines and connections immediately with
clean plugs, e.g. from engine bung set -VAS 6122- .
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Use only lint-free cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have not been stored in their packing (e.g. in tool boxes
etc.).
♦ When the system is open, do not work with compressed air
and do not move the vehicle.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
4.2 Checking fuel system for leaks
– Allow engine to run for several minutes at moderate rpm.
– Switch off ignition.
– Check complete fuel system for leaks.
– If leaks are found although the connections have been tight‐
ened to the correct torque, the relevant component must be
renewed.
– Road-test vehicle and accelerate with full throttle at least once.
– Then inspect high-pressure section of fuel system again for
leaks.
4.3 Foreign particles in engine
♦ When performing assembly work on engine, all open passag‐
es in the intake and exhaust systems must be sealed with
suitable plugs (e.g. from engine bung set -VAS 6122- ) to pre‐
vent foreign particles from entering the engine.
♦ In the event of mechanical damage to one of the cylinder
banks, the intake and exhaust systems and combustion cham‐
bers of the opposite cylinder bank must always be examined
to prevent further damage occurring later.
4.4 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if unsuitable fasteners are used (e.g.
bolts, nuts, washers, etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
used.
8
Rep. Gr.00 - Technical data