Audi TT 2007 ➤
6-cylinder injection engine (3.2 ltr. 4-valve), mechanics - Edition 03.2009
– Disconnect bottom coolant hose leading to continued coolant
circulation pump -V51- -arrow- and drain off coolant.
Note
Illustration shows coolant hose on vehicle with direct shift gear‐
box.
Filling
Note
♦ The cooling system is filled all year round with a mixture of
water and radiator antifreeze/anti-corrosion agent.
♦ Use only the radiator antifreeze/anti-corrosion agent approved
for this engine ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue . Other coolant
additives could seriously impair in particular the anticorrosion
properties. The resulting damage could lead to loss of coolant
and consequently to serious engine damage.
♦ The specified radiator antifreeze/anti-corrosion agent pre‐
vents frost and corrosion damage and stops scaling. Such
additives also raise the boiling point of the coolant. For these
reasons the cooling system must be filled all year round with
the correct antifreeze and anticorrosion additive.
♦ Because of its high boiling point, the coolant improves engine
reliability under heavy loads, particularly in countries with trop‐
ical climates.
♦ Frost protection is required down to about –25 °C (in countries
with arctic climate: down to about –35 °C).
♦ The coolant concentration must not be reduced by adding wa‐
ter even in warmer seasons and in warmer countries. The
coolant concentration must be at least 40 %.
♦ If greater frost protection is required in very cold climates, the
concentration of radiator antifreeze/anti-corrosion agent can
be increased, but only up to 60% (this gives frost protection to
about –40 °C). If the concentration exceeds 60%, frost pro‐
tection decreases again and cooling efficiency is also im‐
paired.
♦ Use only clean tap water for mixing coolant.
♦ If radiator, heat exchanger, cylinder head, cylinder head gas‐
ket or cylinder block have been renewed, do not re-use old
coolant.
♦ Contamina t ed or dirty coolant must not be used again.
♦ For checking anti-freeze protection in cooling system, use re‐
fractometer -T10007- .
147
1. Cooling system