Audi TT 2007 ➤
6-speed manual gearbox 02S, front-wheel drive - Edition 05.2008
4 General repair instructions
Proper tools and the maximum possible care and cleanliness are
essential for satisfactory gearbox repairs. The usual basic safety
precautions also naturally apply when carrying out repair work.
A number of generally applicable instructions for the various re‐
pair procedures - which were previously repeated at numerous
places in the Workshop Manual - are summarised here. They ap‐
ply to the work described in this Manual.
Special tools
♦ For a complete list of special tools used in this Workshop
Manual ⇒ Workshop equipment and special tools .
Gearbox
♦ Thoroughly clean all joints and connections and the surround‐
ing areas before dismantling.
♦ When installing, ensure that the dowel sleeves between the
engine and gearbox are correctly located.
♦ For allocation of bolts and other components, refer to ⇒ Elec‐
tronic parts catalogue .
♦ Clean contact surfaces when assembling mounting brackets
and waxed components. The contact surfaces must be free of
wax and grease.
♦ After installing a replacement gearbox, check oil level and top
up with gear oil as required ⇒ page 95 .
♦ Capacities and specifications ⇒ page 1
Sealants
♦ Thoroughly clean joint surfaces on gearbox housing etc. be‐
fore applying sealing paste.
♦ Apply sealing paste -AMV 188 200 03- evenly and not too
thick.
♦ Breather holes must remain free of sealing paste.
Oil seals, seals, O-rings and gaskets
♦ Always renew seals, O-rings and gaskets.
♦ After removing gaskets and seals, always inspect the contact
surface on the housing or shaft for burrs resulting from removal
or for other signs of damage.
♦ Before installing oil seals, lightly oil the outer circumference of
the seal and fill the space between the sealing lips -arrow-
about half full with grease -G 052 128 A1- .
♦ The open side of the oil seal should face the side containing
the fluid.
♦ When installing a new oil seal, position the seal in the housing
so that the sealing lip does not contact the shaft in the same
place as the old seal (make use of installation depth toleran‐
ces).
♦ Lightly lubricate O-rings with oil before installation to prevent
them being trapped during assembly.
♦ Check oil level after installing new gaskets, O-rings and oil
seals ⇒ page 95 .
5
4. General repair instructions