Audi TT 2007 ➤
6-speed manual gearbox 02S, front-wheel drive - Edition 05.2008
Removing
– Remove gearbox
⇒ “2 Removing and installing gearbox”, page 71 .
– Attach counterhold tool -3067- before loosening bolts.
To prevent the pressure plate from becoming distorted during re‐
moval (causes clutch grab when driving off), always adhere to the
following procedure when unbolting the pressure plate:
– Working clockwise, loosen all six bolts consecutively in steps
of 90° (1/4 turn) until the pressure plate is released.
– Take off pressure plate and clutch plate.
Installing
Installation is carried out in reverse sequence; note the following:
Note
♦ The dual-mass flywheel, pressure plate and clutch plate are
matched together; components from another manufacturer
must not be installed on the same vehicle.
♦ Always renew clutch plate and pressure plate together and
select the correct parts according to engine code ⇒ Electronic
parts catalogue .
♦ Checking position of adjuster ring on new pressure plate
⇒ page 46
♦ If the clutch has burnt out, thoroughly clean the bell housing,
flywheel and parts of the engine facing the gearbox in order to
prevent odours.
♦ Clean input shaft splines and (in the case of a used clutch
plate) the hub splines. Remove corrosion and apply only a very
thin coating of grease -G 000 100- to the splines. Then move
clutch plate backwards and forwards on input shaft until hub
moves freely on shaft. It is important to remove excess grease.
♦ Pressure plates have an anti-corrosion coating and are
greased. Only the contact surface may be cleaned, otherwise
the service life of the clutch will be considerably reduced.
♦ Pressure plate contact surface and clutch plate lining must
make full contact with flywheel. Only then insert bolts.
♦ Check that dowel sleeves for centralising engine/gearbox are
in the cylinder block; install if necessary.
♦ If the dowel sleeves are not fitted, this will lead to gear-change
problems, clutch malfunction and in some cases gearbox
noise (gears will make rattling noises).
Checking ends of diaphragm spring
• Wear up to half the thickness of the diaphragm spring
-arrows- is permissible.
45
7. Overview - servicing clutch