Audi TT 2007 ➤
6-speed manual gearbox 02Q, four-wheel drive - Edition 10.2009
4 General repair instructions
Proper tools and the maximum possible care and cleanliness are
essential for satisfactory gearbox repairs. The usual basic safety
precautions also naturally apply when carrying out repair work.
A number of generally applicable instructions for the various re‐
pair procedures - which were previously repeated at numerous
places in the Workshop Manual - are summarised here. They ap‐
ply to the work described in this Manual.
4.1 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if non-approved fasteners are used
on the vehicle (bolts, nuts, washers etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
fitted.
Rubber or plastic parts and adhesives also consist of non-con‐
ductive materials.
If you are not sure whether used parts can be re-installed, always
fit new parts ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Please note:
♦ The gearbox casing is made of a magnesium alloy.
♦ Use only genuine spare parts: these have been fully tested
and are compatible with aluminium.
♦ We recommend the use of accessories approved by Audi.
Caution
Damage caused by contact corrosion is not covered under
warranty.
4.2 Repair instructions
Special tools
♦ For a complete list of special tools used in this Workshop
Manual ⇒ Workshop equipment and special tools .
Gearbox
♦ Thoroughly clean all joints and connections and the surround‐
ing areas before dismantling.
♦ When installing the gearbox, ensure that the dowel sleeves
between the engine and the gearbox are correctly located.
♦ For allocation of bolts and other components, refer to ⇒ Elec‐
tronic parts catalogue .
♦ Clean contact surfaces when assembling mounting brackets
and waxed components. The contact surfaces must be free of
wax and grease.
♦ After installing a replacement gearbox with bevel box, check
oil level in gearbox ⇒ page 138 and bevel box ⇒ page 150 .
♦ Capacities ⇒ page 2 , specifications ⇒ Electronic parts cata‐
logue .
7
4. General repair instructions