Audi TT 2007 ➤
6-speed manual gearbox 02Q, four-wheel drive - Edition 10.2009
Removing
• Gearbox removed ⇒ page 82 .
To prevent the pressure plate from becoming distorted during re‐
moval (causes clutch grab when driving off), always adhere to the
following procedure when unbolting the pressure plate:
– Apply counter-hold tool -3067- in order to loosen bolts.
– Working clockwise, loosen all six bolts consecutively in steps
of 90° (1/4 turn) until the pressure plate is released.
• Stop -2- with pin -1- should come loose when the bolts are
slackened.
– If the stop does not come loose, push the pin towards the dual-
mass flywheel.
– Take off pressure plate and clutch plate.
Installing
• Tightening torque ⇒ page 39
Installation is carried out in reverse sequence; note the following:
Note
♦ The dual-mass flywheel, pressure plate and clutch plate are
matched together; components from another manufacturer
must not be installed on the same vehicle.
♦ Always renew clutch plate and pressure plate together and
select the correct parts according to engine code ⇒ Electronic
parts catalogue .
♦ If the clutch has burnt out, thoroughly clean the gearbox hous‐
ing in area of clutch and parts of the engine facing the gearbox
in order to prevent odours.
♦ Clean input shaft splines and (in the case of a used clutch
plate) the hub splines. Remove corrosion and apply only a very
thin coating of grease -G 000 100- to the splines. Then move
clutch plate backwards and forwards on input shaft until hub
moves freely on shaft. It is important to remove excess grease.
♦ Clutch pressure plates have an anti-corrosion coating and are
greased. With the exception of the friction surface for the
clutch plate, the pressure plate must not be cleaned. Other‐
wise the service life of the clutch will be considerably reduced.
♦ Pressure plate contact surface and clutch plate lining must
make full contact with flywheel. Only then insert bolts.
♦ Only blow out dual-mass flywheel with compressed air.
♦ The friction surface of the pressure plate and the dual-mass
flywheel must be cleaned (degreased) thoroughly.
♦ Check that dowel sleeves for centralising engine/gearbox are
in the cylinder block; install if necessary.
♦ If the dowel sleeves are not fitted, this will lead to gear-change
problems, clutch malfunction and in some cases gearbox
noise (gears will make rattling noises).
43
7. Exploded view - Sachs version clutch