Audi TT 2007 ➤
6-speed manual gearbox 02S, front-wheel drive - Edition 05.2008
2 Notes on removing and installing
clutch master cylinder and slave cyl‐
inder
♦ Before renewing the clutch master cylinder or slave cylinder
on the assumption that it is defective you must first carry out
a function check
⇒ “2.1 Function check for clutch master cylinder and slave
cylinder”, page 10 .
♦ If slave cylinder is removed from gearbox with pipe/hose as‐
sembly still attached, make sure you do not press clutch pedal.
Otherwise, the piston will be pressed out of the slave cylinder
and be destroyed.
♦ After installing the slave cylinder, carefully press the clutch
pedal. If you feel an unusually strong point of resistance when
depressing the clutch pedal, you must not press it down fur‐
ther. The plunger of the slave cylinder is likely to have been
guided past the clutch release lever. The slave cylinder would
then be destroyed once pedal force exceeds approx. 300 N.
2.1 Function check for clutch master cylin‐
der and slave cylinder
Before you renew the clutch master cylinder or slave cylinder you
must - in the case of the following faults - first carry out the ap‐
propriate checks.
Noises when operating the clutch:
♦ First check the over-centre spring / clutch pedal switch for
noise.
♦ If you hear a noise, remove over-centre spring and repeat
check.
♦ Renew relevant component.
After releasing clutch pedal it still remains depressed / does not
return to its initial position.
♦ Check whether the clutch pedal returns all the way to its initial
position, thereby uncovering the vent opening in the master
cylinder.
♦ The vent opening is integrated in the clutch master cylinder. It
is not visible from the outside.
♦ The vent opening must be uncovered, otherwise the perma‐
nent self-bleeding function for the hydraulic clutch system will
no longer be effective.
♦ Make the customer aware that the driver must NOT rest his/
her foot on the clutch pedal for long periods of time. This could
impair the self-bleeding function of the clutch system as the
vent opening in the master cylinder can no longer function.
♦ The self-bleeding function of the clutch system can be im‐
paired if the footwell trim or floor mats get trapped, if the clutch
pedal switch jams or if the driver rests his foot on the clutch
pedal for long periods of time.
Check the complete hydraulic system for leaks.
♦ Check brake fluid level in brake fluid reservoir.
♦ Check clutch master cylinder and slave cylinder as well as the
pipe/hose assembly including connections for external leaks
(visual inspection).
10
Rep. Gr.30 - Clutch