Audi TT 2007 ➤
7-speed dual clutch gearbox 0BH (S tronic) - Edition 09.2010
5 Notes on dual clutch gearbox 0BH
5.1 General notes
Gearbox
The layout of the dual clutch gearbox 0BH „S tronic“ is basically
similar to that of a 7-speed manual gearbox. The engine torque
is transferred to the gearbox via the dual-mass flywheel. The two
multi-plate clutches are controlled hydraulically and actuated al‐
ternately so that the gearbox is operated like an automatic gear‐
box, in other words the gears are engaged automatically (but can
also be selected manually via the tiptronic function). There is no
clutch pedal. For further information please refer to ⇒ Self-study
programme No. 454 ; 7-speed dual clutch gearbox 0BT .
Selector mechanism
In selector lever position „P“ the selector lever cable is used to
engage the parking lock mechanically. All other gearshift com‐
mands and selector lever positions are transmitted via the CAN
data bus from the selector lever -J743- (selector mechanism) to
the mechatronic unit for dual clutch gearbox -E313- .
Gear oil (gearbox and bevel box)
The dual clutch gearbox „0BH“ has a common oil system.
This oil system lubricates the gears and shafts, the final drive, the
clutches and the mechatronic unit for dual clutch gearbox -J743- .
Note
Use only the correct type of gear oil for dual clutch gearbox
„0BH“ (available as a replacement part). Other types of oil will
cause malfunctions and/or failure of the gearbox; for part number
refer to ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
The bevel box has a separate oil filling ⇒ page 115 .
Note
Use only the correct type of gear oil (available as a replacement
part) for the bevel box. Other types of oil will cause malfunctions
and/or failure of the bevel box; for part number refer to ⇒ Elec‐
tronic parts catalogue .
When does the gear oil filter have to be changed?
Note
The gear oil filter does not always require replacement.
Do not change the filter if:
♦ The gear oil cooler or its O-rings have been renewed and no
coolant has entered the oil system.
♦ Oil seals or O-rings have been renewed in the gearbox.
♦ The oil pan or mechatronic unit have been renewed.
♦ The maintenance interval has been reached.
6
Rep. gr.00 - Technical data