Audi TT 2007 ➤
7-speed dual clutch gearbox 0BH (S tronic) - Edition 09.2010
– Use a screwdriver -1- or similar to release selector lever lock
solenoid in direction of -arrow- and hold in this position.
Caution
If component parts of the shift unit are damaged, the shift unit
has to be renewed as a complete unit.
• The solenoid will then release the selector lever.
– With solenoid released, press interlock button on selector lev‐
er handle and shift selector lever out of „P“.
Note
However, if the selector lever is now moved back to „P“ the se‐
lector lever lock solenoid will once again mechanically lock it in
position „P“. The solenoid must be released once again.
4.2 Checking selector mechanism and igni‐
tion key removal lock
♦ It should not be possible to operate the starter while the se‐
lector lever is in position „S“, „D“ or „R“ or in the tiptronic
position.
♦ When travelling at speeds above 5 km/h and shifting into se‐
lector lever position „N“, the solenoid for the selector lever lock
must not engage and block the selector lever. The selector
lever can be shifted into a driving gear.
♦ When travelling at speeds below 5 km/h (almost stationary)
and shifting into selector lever position „N“, the solenoid for the
selector lever lock should only engage after about 1 second.
Selector lever cannot be shifted out of position „N“ until brake
pedal is depressed.
Selector lever in position „P“ and ignition switched off:
The ignition key can be removed.
Selector lever in any position other than „P“ and ignition switched
off:
The ignition key cannot be removed.
Selector lever in position „P“, button on selector lever pressed in
and ignition switched on:
• Brake pedal not depressed:
When button is pressed in, selector lever is locked and cannot be
shifted out of position „P“. The solenoid for selector lever lock
blocks the selector lever.
• Brake pedal depressed:
Solenoid for selector lever lock releases selector lever. It is pos‐
sible to shift into a driving gear. Shift selector lever slowly from
position „P“ through „R, N, D and S“ and check whether the se‐
lector lever position display in the instrument cluster shows the
correct selector lever position in each case.
Selector lever in position „N“, button on selector lever pressed in
and ignition switched on:
• Brake pedal not depressed:
30
Rep. gr.34 - Controls, housing