Audi TT 2007 ➤
7-speed dual clutch gearbox 0BH (S tronic) - Edition 09.2010
The filter must be changed if:
♦ Metal particles are found in the oil.
♦ The clutch is burnt out or mechanically defective.
Disposal regulations for oils
Drained oil must be disposed of properly.
♦ Improper disposal of used oil endangers the environment.
♦ It must not be mixed with solvents, brake fluid, coolant or sim‐
ilar.
♦ Please observe the information shown on the packaging of the
oil.
Variation of gear-change points for gradients
An additional gear change map automatically selects gear
changes for gradients depending on accelerator pedal position
and driving speed.
• Gear change map for extreme uphill gradients is matched to
engine output
• Gear change map for extreme downhill gradients is matched
to the braking effect of the engine
• Increased engine braking effect can also be obtained by di‐
rectly selecting a specific gear via the tiptronic function, e.g.
when towing a trailer on downhill gradients
5.2 Safety functions of gearbox control unit
In the event of a failure of one or more components/sensors, the
gearbox control unit will activate appropriate backup functions.
This ensures that the gearbox will not be damaged, however, the
function and quality of the gear shifts will be impaired.
Faults detected by the gearbox are classified in four different cat‐
egories.
♦ 1) The fault is stored and a backup programme enables the
vehicle to drive on (in some cases with restrictions). The driver
will not be made aware of the problem, as it is not critical to
driving safety or to the gearbox itself. The selector lever posi‐
tion display in the instrument cluster will continue to show the
selector lever position currently engaged in the normal way. If
at all, the driver will only notice the fault if he experiences
driveability problems, and will then automatically contact an
Audi Service Partner to identify the cause.
♦ 2) Certain positions on the selector lever position display in the
instrument cluster start to flash. This is to inform the driver that
this particular selector lever position is currently not available.
Example: position „D“ is not available when the selector lever
is in position „R“ and the vehicle is still rolling backwards. In
this case, selector lever position „D“ will start to flash on the
selector lever position display in the instrument cluster. The
gearbox control unit prevents the 1st gear from being engaged
in order to avoid damage to the gearbox. 1st gear will be en‐
gaged once the vehicle has come to a standstill.
♦ 3) The complete selector lever position display in the instru‐
ment cluster is lit up and flashing. The current selector lever
position is indicated in the instrument cluster (e.g. „D“ is high‐
lighted). This is an indication that the gearbox has been over‐
loaded or the maximum temperature in the gearbox has been
exceeded (overheating), e.g. towing a load that was too heavy.
♦ 4) If the complete selector lever position display in the instru‐
ment cluster is lit up and flashing, this means that a serious
fault in the gearbox has been identified. The display in the in‐
7
5. Notes on dual clutch gearbox 0BH