Audi TT 2007 ➤
7-speed dual clutch gearbox 0BH (S tronic) - Edition 09.2010
O-rings, oil seals and gaskets
♦ Renew O-rings, oil seals and gaskets.
♦ After removing gaskets and seals, always inspect the contact
surface on the housing or shaft for burrs resulting from removal
or for other signs of damage.
♦ Renew gaskets: completely remove the old gasket and clean
the sealing surfaces thoroughly.
♦ Lightly lubricate O-rings with gear oil before installation to pre‐
vent them being trapped and damaged during assembly.
♦ Lightly oil the outer circumference of oil seals and fill the space
between the sealing lips -arrow- about half full with sealing
grease -G 052 128 A1- .
♦ Do not use any other lubricants where gear oil is specified.
Otherwise, there is a risk of problems occurring in the gearbox
hydraulics.
♦ The open s ide of the oil seal should face the side containing
the fluid.
♦ Observe rules for cleanliness ⇒ page 12 .
♦ After installing, check the gear oil level ⇒ page 63 or
⇒ page 115 and rectify as necessary.
Locking elements
♦ Do not over-stretch circlips.
♦ Renew circlips which have been damaged or over-tensioned.
♦ Circlips must be properly seated in the base of the groove.
Nuts, bolts
♦ Slacken bolts in reverse sequence to the specified tightening
sequence.
♦ Nuts and bolts which secure covers and housings should be
loosened and tightened in diagonal sequence and in stages if
no tightening sequence is specified.
♦ Renew self-locking nuts.
♦ Use a wire brush to clean the threads of bolts which are se‐
cured with locking fluid. Then install bolts with locking fluid; for
locking fluid refer to ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ The tightening torques stated apply to non-oiled nuts and
bolts.
♦ Where instructions specify a torque setting plus an additional
angle, these bolts must be tightened to the specified torque
and then turned through the specified angle, e.g. 40 Nm + 90°
(90° = a quarter turn).
7.1 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if non-approved fasteners are used
on the vehicle (bolts, nuts, washers etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
fitted.
Rubber or plastic parts and adhesives also consist of non-con‐
ductive materials.
If you are not sure whether used parts can be re-installed, always
fit new parts ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
11
7. Repair instructions