Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
substances and preparations after use or to ensure that these
are taken back by a third party appointed by the distributor.
♦ The maintenance and shutdown of items containing refriger‐
ants listed in the regulations mentioned as well as acceptance
of return of the substances and preparations listed in these
regulations may only be undertaken by persons with the nec‐
essary expert knowledge and technical equipment.
Criminal offences and infringements of the law
♦ An infringement in terms of the regulations and laws men‐
tioned above is constituted by any wilful or negligent action
during the operation, maintenance or shutdown of items con‐
taining the refrigerants mentioned which allows substances
contained in these to escape into the atmosphere contrary to
the state of the art or by the wilful or negligent contravention
of the applicable regulations and laws mentioned above.
TRG (technical regulations for compressed gases) 400, 401, 402
Note
Only excerpts from the TRG are given in the following (sections
applicable to motor vehicle manufacturers and workshops).
♦ TRG 400 (general regulations for charging systems)
– Definition of terms and explanatory notes
– Charging systems
– Charging systems are systems for filling mobile compressed-
gas vessels. The charging system includes the premises and
facilities concerned.
– Charging systems requiring a permit
Note
♦ Charging systems requiring a permit are ones used to transfer
compressed gases to mobile compressed-gas vessels for
supplying to third parties.
♦ Charging systems not requiring a permit are ones used for
transferring compressed gases to mobile compressed-gas
vessels for internal use only.
♦ TRG 401 (installation of charging systems)
– Does not apply to vehicle manufacturers or workshops.
♦ TRG 402 (operation of charging systems)
– Employees and the instruction of employees
Note
Employees are to be given instruction on the following topics be‐
fore beginning work and at regular, appropriate intervals, however
at least once a year:
• Hazards specifically associated with handling compressed
gases
• Safety regulations, particularly the applicable TRG
• Procedures in the event of malfunction, damage and accidents
41
3. Laws and regulations