Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
2 General information on refrigerant
circuit
♦ Components of refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 16
♦ Arrangement of the refrigerant circuit components and their
influence on the high and low-pressure ends ⇒ page 16
♦ Design of refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 25
♦ Connections for quick-release coupling in refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 26
♦ Switches and senders in refrigerant circuit and related con‐
nections ⇒ page 28
♦ Electrical components not fitted in the refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 32 .
♦ Pressures and temperatures in refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 33
♦ Test and measurement operations which can be performed
with a pressure gauge ⇒ page 37
♦ Air conditioner service and recycling units ⇒ page 38
♦ Repair notes for refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 39
2.1 Components of refrigerant circuit
• All components of the refrigerant circuit submitted for quality
observation are always to be sealed (use the original sealing
caps of the replacement part).
• Renew damaged or leaking components of refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 136 .
Note
The following replacement parts (air conditioner compressor, res‐
ervoir, evaporator and condenser) have so far been filled with
nitrogen gas. This charge is being gradually discontinued. Con‐
sequently, no or only very slight pressure equalisation is percep‐
tible on unscrewing the sealing plugs from the replacement part.
2.2 Arrangement of the refrigerant circuit
components and their influence on the
high and low-pressure ends
High-pressure end: Condenser, receiver and restrictor or expan‐
sion valve to separate the high and low-pressure liquid ends.
High pressure results from the restrictor or expansion valve form‐
ing a constriction and causing the refrigerant to accumulate, thus
leading to an increase in pressure and temperature.
Excess pressure occurs if too much refrigerant or refrigerant oil
is used, the condenser is contaminated, the radiator fan is defec‐
tive, the system is blocked or in the event of moisture in the
refrigerant circuit (icing-up of restrictor or expansion valve).
Low-pressure end: Evaporator, evaporator temperature sensor
and air conditioner compressor to separate the high and low-
pressure gas ends.
A drop in system pressure can be caused by a loss of refrigerant,
the restrictor or expansion valve (constrictions), a defective air
conditioner compressor or an iced-up evaporator.
16
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system