Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from spec‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
ification
• High pressure increases ♦ Actuation of air conditioner com‐ – Check actuation of -N280- .
above specification pressor regulating valve -N280-
not OK – Run hand over refrigerant circuit to
• Low pressure quickly check for differences in temperature
drops to value in graph ♦ Constriction or obstruction in re‐
frigerant circuit • If a difference in temperature is
• Required cooling output is
found at one component:
not attained ♦ Expansion valve defective
– Replace hose or pipe if kinked or
constricted.
– In the event of clogging, clean the
refrigerant circuit (flush with refriger‐
ant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with
compressed air and nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ).
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat test.
• If no fault is found:
– Clean refrigerant circuit (flush with
refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow
out with compressed air and nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ).
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat the test, if the function is not
OK:
– Renew expansion valve and receiv‐
er.
Note
♦ If the function of the air conditioning system is not OK when
the test is repeated, renew expansion valve and receiver.
♦ With this fault, the evaporator may ice up although the quantity
of refrigerant in the circuit is OK.
♦ If the expansion valve is defective (permanently closed or
does not open sufficiently), the air conditioner compressor
regulating valve -N280- is actuated to maximum output and
the low pressure drops to the value in the graph or below (the
air conditioner compressor draws off refrigerant from the low-
pressure end). As however refrigerant cannot flow via the
expansion valve, the cooling output is not attained and the high
pressure may also not increase or only increase slightly due
to the absence of energy conversion ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic
tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ function for air
conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or
⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop
manual).
♦ If there is too much refrigerant oil in the circuit, drain the air
conditioner compressor and replace the receiver. After clean‐
ing the refrigerant circuit (flush with refrigerant R134a
⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed air and nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ), add the correct amount of refrigerant oil to the
circuit ⇒ page 164 .
131
7. Checking pressures