Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
If operation of the air conditioning system is not OK when the test
is repeated, re-fit the old expansion valve and clean the refriger‐
ant circuit (flush with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with
compressed air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ). Then replace the air
conditioner compressor and receiver.
Possible deviation from specifica‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
tion
• High pressure only increases Air conditioner compressor de‐ – Clean the refrigerant circuit (flush
slightly above pressure with fective. with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59
engine stopped or blow out with compressed air
and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
• Low pressure only drops slight‐
ly – Replace the air conditioner com‐
pressor and receiver.
• Required cooling output is not
attained
Possible deviation from specifica‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
tion
• High pressure normal Expansion valve or air condition‐ – Renew expansion valve.
er compressor defective.
• Low pressure too low (see – Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
graph)
– Repeat test.
• Required cooling output is at‐
tained
Note
♦ If operation of the air conditioning system is not OK when the
test is repeated, re-fit the old expansion valve and clean the
refrigerant circuit (flush with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or
blow out with compressed air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ). Then
replace the air conditioner compressor and receiver.
♦ With this fault, the evaporator may ice up although the quantity
of refrigerant in the circuit is OK.
Possible deviation from specifica‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
tion
• High and low pressure normal Too much refrigerant oil in the cir‐ – Discharge refrigerant circuit.
cuit.
• Required cooling output is not – Clean refrigerant circuit (flush with
attained refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or
blow out with compressed air and
nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
117
7. Checking pressures