Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
2.2.2 Condenser
The condenser dissipates heat from the compressed refrigerant
gas to the surrounding air.
During this process, the refrigerant gas condenses to form liquid.
Note
Depending on the design of the refrigerant circuit, the receiver
may be attached to the condenser or installed in (integrated into)
the condenser ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual) and
⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
2.2.3 Evaporator
The liquid refrigerant evaporates in the coiled pipes of the evap‐
orator. The heat required for this is extracted from the air flowing
past the evaporator fins. The air cools down. The refrigerant
evaporates and is drawn in by the air conditioner compressor to‐
gether with the heat absorbed.
A defined quantity of refrigerant is supplied to the evaporator by
way of a restrictor or expansion valve. In systems with an expan‐
sion valve the flow rate is regulated such that only gaseous
refrigerant emerges at the evaporator outlet.
2.2.4 Reservoir
To ensure that the air conditioner compressor draws in only gas‐
eous refrigerant, the reservoir collects the mixture of vapour and
gas coming from the evaporator. The vapour becomes gaseous
refrigerant.
Refrigerant oil entrained in the circuit does not remain in the res‐
ervoir as an oil extraction hole is provided.
Any moisture ingressing into the refrigerant circuit during assem‐
bly is trapped by a filter (desiccant bag) in the reservoir.
Gaseous refrigerant with oil is drawn in by the air conditioner
compressor.
Note
♦ Renew reservoir if refrigerant circuit has been open for a rel‐
atively long period and moisture has ingressed, or if replace‐
ment is stipulated due to a specific complaint ⇒ page 136 .
♦ Do not remove the sealing plugs -A- and -B- until immediately
prior to installation.
♦ If the reservoir is not sealed, the desiccant bag soon becomes
saturated with moisture and thus unusable.
♦ When installing, observe arrow indicating direction of flow (if
applicable).
19
2. General information on refrigerant circuit