Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
– Evacuate the charging hoses if necessary.
– Connect quick-release coupling to service connection of re‐
frigerant circuit.
WARNING
♦ Do not open the valves on the low or high-pressure end
with the engine running, as otherwise the air conditioner
compressor or the air conditioner service station could be
destroyed by a short circuit between the high and low-
pressure ends of the refrigerant circuit if the air condition‐
ing system is switched on.
– Only screw the handwheel into the quick-release coupling
adapter to the extent required to reliably open the valve in the
service connection (observe the pressure gauge; take care not
to open the valve too far).
– Start the engine and perform the intended tests and meas‐
urements.
– Compare the values determined to the specified measured
values ⇒ page 103 .
– Before detaching quick-release coupling, close it by screwing
out handwheel.
Vehicles with one service connection only:
Note
Screw the valve adapters -V.A.G 1785/9- , -V.A.G 1785/10- or the
adapter set -V.A.G 1786- to the refrigerant circuit connections
with valve and bleed the charging hoses during connection to the
adapters (only a faintly audible escape of refrigerant gas is per‐
mitted) ⇒ page 99 .
– The charging hose must be fitted with a valve opener to open
the valve in the valve adapter.
4.3.3 Discharging refrigerant circuit with air
conditioner service station
• Work procedure may vary depending on the type of tools se‐
lected; it is therefore important to observe the tool-specific
operating instructions.
• The refrigerant circuit must be discharged if you intend to re‐
move parts of the refrigerant circuit, if there is any doubt about
the quantity of refrigerant in the circuit or if safety precautions
require you to do so.
• All the necessary usage information for working with the re‐
frigerant air conditioner service station can be found in the air
conditioner service station operating instructions.
Discharging:
– Switch off the ignition.
– Connect the air conditioner service station in line with the op‐
erating instructions to the vehicle service connections (refer to
vehicle-specific refrigerant circuit) and start up the service sta‐
tion ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air condi‐
tioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
48
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system