Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
4.3 Working with the air conditioner service
station
Caution
♦ If there is a possibility that chemical substances (sealing
additives) for sealing leaks have been added to the refrig‐
erant circuit from which the refrigerant is to be extracted,
do not connect the air conditioner service station to this
refrigerant circuit and do not extract the refrigerant.
♦ Chemical substances (sealing additives) for sealing leaks
form deposits in the refrigerant circuit which will impair
operation of the air conditioning system and lead to failure
of the system (and of the air conditioner service station).
♦ Customers should be informed that the air conditioner in
their vehicle contains substances not approved by Audi
and that the system can therefore not be discharged and
serviced by your workshop.
Note
♦ Audi does not permit the use of chemical substances (sealing
additives) to seal leaks in the refrigerant circuit.
♦ Chemical substances (sealing additives) for sealing leaks in
the refrigerant circuit generally react with the ambient air or the
humidity contained in it. They cause malfunctioning of valves
and other components with which they come into contact on
account of deposits in the refrigerant circuit (and in the air
conditioner service station being used). These deposits can‐
not be completely removed from the components.
♦ Chemical substances (sealing additives) for sealing leaks in
the refrigerant circuit are normally not outwardly apparent and
the identification stickers which should be affixed are usually
non-existent. Vehicles with an unknown history should there‐
fore be treated with due caution.
♦ On the accessories market, vessels with integrated filters are
available which are supposed to intercept these chemical sub‐
stances (additives used to seal leaks). As Audi objects to the
use of these substances, no statement can be made regarding
the effectiveness and the interception rate of these filters.
♦ Important notes for working with the air conditioner service
station ⇒ page 47 .
♦ Connection of the air conditioner service station for measure‐
ment and testing ⇒ page 47 .
♦ Refrigerant circuit discharge using the air conditioner service
station ⇒ page 48 .
♦ Refrigerant circuit evacuation using the air conditioner service
station ⇒ page 49 .
♦ Refrigerant circuit charging using the air conditioner service
station ⇒ page 53 .
♦ Air conditioner start-up after charging ⇒ page 53 .
♦ Pouring refrigerant into the charging cylinder or storage vessel
of the air conditioner service station ⇒ page 54 .
♦ Air conditioner service station drainage ⇒ page 55 .
46
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system