Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ It is not initially necessary to clean the refrigerant circuit (flush
with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed
air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ) when this problem occurs. Nor‐
mally, there is only a small quantity of moisture in the system
which can be removed by lengthy evacuation.
♦ If a problem involving moisture in the refrigerant circuit only
occurs after a lengthy operating period or only infrequently
(low pressure drops below specification and evaporator ices
up), it is sufficient to replace the dryer (adjust the quantity of
refrigerant oil). Subsequently, evacuate refrigerant circuit for
at least 3 hours.
♦ A problem with evaporator output temperature sender -G263-
can also cause icing-up of refrigerant circuit. If this problem is
encountered, also pay attention to the measured value of the
evaporator output temperature sender -G263- ⇒ Vehicle di‐
agnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ func‐
tion for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
Possible deviation from spec‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
ification
• High pressure normal ♦ Actuation of air conditioner com‐ – Check actuation of -N280- .
pressor regulating valve -N280-
• Low pressure too low (see not OK – Clean refrigerant circuit (flush with
graph) refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or
♦ Air conditioner compressor de‐ blow out with compressed air and
• Required cooling output is fective. nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
attained
– Replace the air conditioner com‐
pressor.
Note
Heed the following in the event of the fault „High pressure normal,
low pressure too low“: With this fault, the evaporator may ice up
although the quantity of refrigerant in the circuit is OK. Check the
measured values of the evaporator output temperature sender -
G263- and actuation of the air conditioner compressor regulating
valve -N280- . If the measured value of the evaporator output
temperature sender -G263- is incorrect, the evaporator may ice
up or the cooling output is not attained ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester
( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ function for air condi‐
tioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
124
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system