Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ The components are always flushed in the direction opposite
to that of refrigerant flow during air conditioner operation
⇒ page 67 .
♦ When flushing, impurities from the refrigerant circuit ingress
into the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment and the air con‐
ditioner service station, where they are retained in the built-in
filters and dryer. Depending on the nature of the impurities,
these components are to be replaced more frequently in line
with the operating instructions for the air conditioner service
station or the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment.
♦ Depending on the nature and severity of the contamination of
the flushed refrigerant circuits, the filter in the refrigerant circuit
flushing kit should be renewed at the latest after 5 to 10 flush‐
ing cycles (flushed vehicles). After flushing a severely conta‐
minated refrigerant circuit (the refrigerant oil from the refriger‐
ant circuit is black and viscous or there is a lot of swarf in the
refrigerant circuit), the filter is to be replaced. In the case of
such severely contaminated refrigerant circuits it is also ap‐
propriate to flush the circuit again after replacing the filter.
♦ Depending on the nature of the impurities, dirt (used refriger‐
ant oil and abrasion from the air conditioner compressor)
accumulates at the inspection port of the refrigerant circuit
flushing attachment. If applicable, clean this sight glass after
flushing and flush the refrigerant circuit again in one operation
as a check (one operation is then sufficient).
♦ Liquid refrigerant cannot be routed at the necessary rate
through the expansion valve, restrictor and desiccant bag of
certain receivers. These components are therefore to be re‐
moved and replaced with adapters if applicable ⇒ Heating, air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87
(vehicle-specific workshop manual).
♦ Adapters for connection of air conditioner service station and
for bridging certain refrigerant circuit components
⇒ page 71 .
– Switch on the air conditioner service station and flush the re‐
frigerant circuit (duration approx. 1 to 1.5 hours for one flushing
cycle with three flushing operations).
64
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system