Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
– For adapter for connecting pressure hose to refrigerant circuit,
refer to ⇒ page 99 .
Observe the following to prevent oil and moisture from the com‐
pressed-air system from ingressing into the refrigerant circuit.
– The compressed air must be passed through a compressed-
air purifier for cleaning and drying. Use is therefore to be made
of filters and dryers for compressed air (included in the scope
of delivery as tool for painting work) ⇒ Workshop equipment
and special tools catalogue .
– For refrigerant pipes with a thread or union nut at the connec‐
tion, make use of adapters from the adapter set for refrigerant
circuit -V.A.G 1785- ( adapter -V.A.G 1785/1- to adapter -
V.A.G 1785/8- ) for connection of the 5/8" -18 UNF charging
hoses (some of these adapters are also contained in the VW/
Audi passenger vehicle adapter set -VAS 6338/1- ).
– For refrigerant pipes with no thread or union nut at connection
(for connecting adapters), use adapters from adapter set for
refrigerant circuits -VAS 6338/1- or commercially available
blow-out gun with rubber mouthpiece.
Note
♦ The refrigerant circuit is only to be blown out with compressed
air and then nitrogen if no means of flushing the refrigerant
circuit are available or if flushing of individual components
would involve too much work (blowing minor impurities and
small quantities of moisture out of refrigerant pipes for exam‐
ple is not particularly time-consuming).
♦ Compressed air/nitrogen emerging from the components is to
be drawn off by way of an appropriate system (e.g. workshop
extraction system).
The refrigerant circuit (or individual components) is/are to be
blown out if no means of flushing are available or if flushing seems
inappropriate
– In the event of dirt or other impurities in individual circuit com‐
ponents
– If the vacuum reading is not maintained on evacuating a leak-
free refrigera nt circuit (pressure build-up due to moisture in
refrigerant circuit)
– If the refrigerant circuit has been left open for longer than the
normal assembly time (e.g. following an accident)
– If pressure and temperature measurements in the refrigerant
circuit indicate the likelihood of moisture
– If there are doubts about the amount of refrigerant oil in the
refrigerant circuit
– If the air conditioner compressor has to be replaced on ac‐
count of internal damage (e.g. noise or no output)
– If stipulated by the vehicle-specific Workshop Manual after re‐
newing certain components
Note
Certain impurities and old refrigerant oil are impossible or difficult
to remove properly from the refrigerant circuit using compressed
air. Such impurities can be removed for example by flushing with
refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 .
57
4. Refrigerant circuit