Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ On the Audi R8, the engine must be removed to replace the
air conditioner compressor. For flushing the refrigerant circuit,
the refrigerant pipes can however be detached without remov‐
ing the air conditioner compressor ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
♦ The two condensers are flushed in situ in the direction oppo‐
site to that of the refrigerant flow.
4.6 Tracing leaks in refrigerant circuit
Note
♦ Minor leaks can be detected with an electronic leak detector
or UV leak detector lamp for example.
♦ This Workshop Manual describes two ways of tracing leaks in
refrigerant circuits. These procedures have been tested and
lead to a reliable result under the different usage conditions if
they are performed correctly and in accordance with the spe‐
cific complaint.
♦ There are numerous systems available on the market for the
detection of refrigerant circuit leaks. Not all of these yield un‐
equivocable results and, if not employed in the specified man‐
ner, may indicate leaks at various refrigerant circuit compo‐
nents although these are actually intact. In addition, certain
procedures can lead to damage to components of refrigerant
circuits.
♦ Components found to be leaking are to be replaced and not
repaired.
♦ Leaking refrigerant circuits are not to be filled with refrigerant.
Empty refrigerant circuits are therefore to be evacuated before
filling with refrigerant and checked for leaks in this process
⇒ page 49 .
Caution
♦ Audi does not permit the use of chemical substances
(sealing additives) to seal leaks in the refrigerant circuit.
♦ Chemical substances for sealing leaks form deposits in
the refrigerant circuit which will impair operation of the air
conditioning system and lead to failure of the system (and
of the air conditioner service station).
Note
Chemical substances (sealing additives) for sealing leaks in the
refrigerant circuit generally react with the ambient air or the hu‐
midity contained in it. They cause malfunctioning of valves and
other components with which they come into contact on account
of deposits in the refrigerant circuit (and in the air conditioner
service station being used). These deposits cannot be completely
removed from the components (even by flushing). The refrigerant
circuit can therefore only be repaired by replacing all the compo‐
nents which have come into contact with this substance.
87
4. Refrigerant circuit