Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ The replacement compressor contains a certain quantity of
refrigerant oil (at present 140 or 150+ / - 10 cm3 , depending
on the air conditioner compressor). This quantity of refrigerant
oil corresponds to the quantity of oil specified for this refriger‐
ant circuit on vehicles with one evaporator. On account of the
greater refrigerant pipe length and the second evaporator, ve‐
hicles with two evaporators require more refrigerant oil in the
refrigerant circuit (currently an additional 100 cm3 ). If the air
conditioner compressor is replaced after cleaning the refrig‐
erant circuit, this quantity of refrigerant oil therefore has to be
added to the refrigerant circuit on vehicles with two evapora‐
tors (e.g. poured into open pipes or component connections).
If the air conditioner compressor is replaced without having to
clean the refrigerant circuit, the quantity of refrigerant oil in the
new air conditioner compressor to be fitted should be adjusted
in line with the quantity of oil poured out of the old compressor
⇒ page 136 .
♦ As replacement air conditioner compressors are supplied with
different oil capacities, the exact part no. must be heeded ⇒
Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ The different oil quantities in the air conditioner compressor
may result from the design of the air conditioner compressor
(with or without oil separator at high-pressure connection) or,
in the case of identical air conditioner compressors, from the
design of the refrigerant circuit. Attention is to be paid to these
oil quantities. Too much oil in the circuit results in higher pres‐
sures and reduced system cooling output. Too little oil may
lead to lubrication problems in the air conditioner compressor.
♦ Too much oil in the circuit results in higher pressures and re‐
duced air conditioner cooling output. Too little oil may lead to
lubrication problems in the air conditioner compressor. The
specified refrigerant oil quantities are therefore to be heeded.
♦ The air conditioner compressor may have been fitted at the
factory with a rating plate indicating the part number and the
quantity of refrigerant oil in the air conditioner compressor.
9.2.21 Capacities for Audi R8 (42_) 2008 ►
Characteristics of refrigerant circuit:
• Restrictor
• Reservoir
• Two series-connected condensers
• „Denso“ air conditioner compressor with air conditioner com‐
pressor regulating valve -N280- ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr.
87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual) and ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue
Vehicle model Production Total quantity of oil in Quantity of refrigerant Differing characteristics
period refrigerant circuit in oil in replacement of this refrigerant circuit
cm3 compressor in cm3
Audi R8 From 03.07 150 + /- 10 150+ / - 10 Air conditioner compres‐
onwards sor type „7 SEU 17“
187
9. Capacities for refrigerant R134a, refrigerant oil and approved refrigerant oils