Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
4.3.1 Important notes for working with the air
conditioner service station
The following must be heeded with regard to operation of air con‐
ditioner service stations (e.g. V.A.G 1885; for currently available
air conditioner service stations, refer to ⇒ V.A.G workshop equip‐
ment catalogue ):
– The filters and dryers fitted must be replaced at the latest at
the end of the period of use specified in the corresponding
operating instructions.
– If an air conditioner service station is also used to flush the
refrigerant circuit, the dryers and filters fitted must be renewed
more frequently ⇒ page 55 .
– Use is only to be made of refrigerant oils which are also ap‐
proved for the vehicle-specific refrigerant circuit (if applicable,
add the refrigerant oil directly to the refrigerant circuit) ⇒ Elec‐
tronic parts catalogue .
In cases of doubt about the composition of the refrigerant extrac‐
ted from the refrigerant circuit, this is not to be re-used even after
cleaning in the air conditioner service station.
– In such cases, the air conditioner service station is to be
drained ⇒ page 99 , the system cleaned if necessary and the
filters, dryers and refrigerant oil replaced.
– In Germany, for example, contaminated refrigerant can be re‐
turned to the refrigerant supplier in so-called recycling bottles
for recycling or ecological disposal (other or additional regu‐
lations may apply in other countries).
Commercially available air conditioner service stations can be
classified in 2 groups:
♦ Air conditioner service stations which clean the refrigerant ex‐
tracted from a vehicle for re-use (so-called extraction and
recycling stations), e.g. V.A.G 1885 (for currently available air
conditioner service stations, refer to ⇒ V.A.G workshop equip‐
ment catalogue ).
♦ Air conditioner service stations which transfer extracted re‐
frigerant to recycling containers (for large-scale recycling);
these are referred to as extraction systems.
4.3.2 Connecting air conditioner service sta‐
tion for measuring and testing
• Work procedure may vary depending on the type of tools se‐
lected; therefore it is important to observe the tool-specific
operating instructions.
Note
The work procedure must always be performed as described in
the operating instructions of the air conditioner service station.
To prevent air or moisture entering the refrigerant circuit through
the charging hoses, these are to be connected as follows:
– Switch off ignition.
– Connect air conditioner service station to power supply.
– Unscrew the sealing caps from the service connections or the
connections with valve (refer to vehicle-specific refrigerant cir‐
cuit) ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
47
4. Refrigerant circuit