Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
ditioner compressor increases the heat content and temperature
of the refrigerant. Its temperature is then substantially higher than
that of the surrounding air.
The hot refrigerant flows with its heat content to the condenser,
where the refrigerant dissipates its heat to the surrounding air via
the condenser due to the temperature gradient between the re‐
frigerant and the surrounding air.
The refrigerant thus acts as a heat transfer medium. As it is re-
used, the refrigerant is returned to the evaporator.
For this reason all air conditioning systems are based on the re‐
frigerant circulation principle. There are however differences as
regards the units used.
♦ Comfort of vehicle occupants ⇒ page 9
♦ Environmental aspects ⇒ page 9
1.7.1 Comfort of vehicle occupants
A basic requirement for concentration and safe driving is a feeling
of comfort in the passenger compartment. Especially when con‐
ditions are hot and humid, a good level of comfort can only be
achieved with air conditioning. Comfort can of course also be en‐
hanced by opening windows/the sun roof or increasing the air
output. Such a course of action is however associated with certain
drawbacks for the occupants of the vehicle, e.g. more noise,
draughts, exhaust fumes and unfiltered pollen (unpleasant for al‐
lergy sufferers).
Climate control together with a good heating and ventilation sys‐
tem concept can create a sense of wellbeing and comfort by
regulating the temperature, humidity and air circulation in the
passenger compartment to suit ambient conditions, with the ve‐
hicle both stationary and moving.
Other important advantages of air conditioning:
♦ Purification of the air supplied to the passenger compartment
(dust and pollen, for example, are washed out by the moist fins
of the evaporator and removed with the condensate).
♦ Temperatures in a mid-size car (example: after short travelling
time, ambient temperature 30 °C in the shade and vehicle ex‐
posed to sunlight).
With air conditioning Without air condi‐
tioning
At head height 23 °C 42 °C
At chest level 24 °C 40 °C
In footwell 30 °C 35 °C
1.7.2 Environmental aspects
Since about 1992, the air conditioning systems of newly manu‐
factured cars have been successively changed to refrigerant
R134a. This refrigerant contains no chlorine and therefore does
not deplete the ozone layer.
Up until roughly 1992, refrigerant R12 was used for air condition‐
ing systems. Due to its chlorine atoms, this CFC had a high ozone
depletion potential as well as potential for intensifying the green‐
house effect.
Conversion programmes are available for old existing systems
filled with the ozone-depleting substance R12 ⇒ Workshop Man‐
ual for air conditioners with refrigerant R12 (this Workshop Man‐
ual is available in hardcopy form only).
9
1. General information on air conditioning systems