Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
2.8 Test and measurement operations
which can be performed with a pressure
gauge
Pressure gauge scales
1 - Temperature scale for refrigerant R134a CF3– CH2F or
CH2F– CF3
2 - Pressure scale
Note
Pressure may be given in various units: 1 MPa (megapascal) cor‐
responds to 10 bar gauge pressure or 145 psi; 1 bar absolute
pressure corresponds to 0 bar gauge pressure, which is roughly
equivalent to atmospheric pressure.
In addition to the pressure scale, pressure gauges may have one
or more temperature scales. The scale values for R134a are as‐
signed according to the vapour pressure table. As different re‐
frigerants develop different vapour pressures at the same
temperature, each temperature scale is marked for the
appropriate refrigerant.
♦ Pressure gauges permit the following test and measurement
operations ⇒ page 37 .
2.8.1 Pressure gauges permit the following
test and measurement operations
Refrigerant circuit pressure and temperature measurements
♦ The high-pressure gauge measures the pressure and tem‐
perature propagated evenly from the air conditioner compres‐
sor outlet via the condenser to the constriction (restrictor or
expansion valve) when the air conditioning system is switched
on.
♦ The low-pressure gauge measures the pressure and temper‐
ature propagated evenly from the constriction (restrictor or
expansion valve) via the evaporator to the inlet of the air con‐
ditioner compressor when the air conditioning system is
switched on.
Note
The relationship between pressure and temperature indicated on
the pressure gauges only exists in a refrigerant circuit containing
liquid or vapour, but not gas. In the gas state, the temperature is
approx. 10 °C to 30 °C higher than the pressure gauge reading.
Detection of refrigerant in a closed vessel
Refrigerant R134a is present in a closed vessel or in the refrig‐
erant circuit if the temperature indicated on the pressure gauge
corresponds to the temperature of the refrigerant (standing liquid
assumes ambient temperature).
A closed vessel or a deactivated refrigerant circuit is empty if the
temperature indicated on the pressure gauge is below the tem‐
perature of the refrigerant.
37
2. General information on refrigerant circuit