Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
– On completion of flushing, check the inspection port(s) of the
refrigerant circuit flushing attachment. If these are contamina‐
ted, they are to be cleaned if necessary in line with the oper‐
ating instructions for the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment
or air conditioner service station. Flushing is then to be per‐
formed again as a check (one operation with a duration of
approx. 30 min. is sufficient).
– Check the pressure in the refrigerant circuit. There must not
be any positive pressure in the refrigerant circuit (evacuate
briefly again if necessary).
– Detach the connections to the air conditioner service station
from the vehicle refrigerant circuit (there must not be any pos‐
itive pressure in the refrigerant circuit).
– Replace the vehicle-specific components (restrictor and res‐
ervoir, expansion valve and receiver or dryer cartridge in the
receiver) ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual)
and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
– Depending on the problem, replace the air conditioner com‐
pressor ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual)
and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue or drain off the remaining
refrigerant oil from the air conditioner compressor removed
⇒ page 136 (replace refrigerant circuit components) and add
the specified quantity of fresh refrigerant oil again
⇒ page 164 (approved refrigerant oils and refrigerant oil ca‐
pacities).
Note
♦ Replacement compressors contain a certain specified quantity
of refrigerant oil. For vehicles with two evaporators, it may be
necessary to additionally add a certain quantity of refrigerant
oil to the circuit ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒
Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop man‐
ual) and ⇒ page 164 (approved refrigerant oils and refrigerant
oil capacities).
♦ If the air conditioner compressor is not to be replaced, the re‐
frigerant oil quantity in the air conditioner compressor must be
topped up in line with the specified capacity (pour out refrig‐
erant oil and add the specified quantity to the air conditioner
compressor or the refrigerant circuit again) ⇒ page 136 (re‐
placing refrigerant circuit components) and ⇒ page 164 (ap‐
proved refrigerant oils and refrigerant oil capacities).
– Completely re-assemble the refrigerant circuit ⇒ Heating, air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87
(vehicle-specific workshop manual).
– Evacuate and charge the refrigerant circuit as specified
⇒ page 49 and ⇒ page 53 .
– Start up the air conditioner as specified ⇒ Heating, air condi‐
tioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-
specific workshop manual) and ⇒ page 53 .
♦ Block diagrams for various flushing circuits ⇒ page 67
♦ Adapters for connecting flushing circuits ⇒ page 71
66
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system