Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ The replacement compressor contains the full quantity of oil
intended for the refrigerant circuit. On replacement, the quan‐
tity of oil in the air conditioner compressor is therefore to be
adjusted ⇒ page 136 .
♦ The air conditioner compressors fitted at the start of production
are manufactured by „Denso“ (type „6 SEU 14“). Different
makes of air conditioner compressor or another type of com‐
pressor may also be fitted at a later date ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue and ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
♦ This air conditioner compressor is available as a replacement
part with different oil capacities and attention must therefore
be paid to the oil quantity in the air conditioner compressor as
well as to the exact part number ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr.
87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual) and ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue .
♦ The different oil quantities in the air conditioner compressor
may result from the design of the air conditioner compressor
(with or without oil separator at high-pressure connection) or,
in the case of identical air conditioner compressors, from the
design of the refrigerant circuit. Attention is to be paid to these
oil quantities. Too much oil in the circuit results in higher pres‐
sures and reduced system cooling output. Too little oil may
lead to lubrication problems in the air conditioner compressor.
♦ The air conditioner compressor may have been fitted at the
factory with a rating plate indicating the part number and the
quantity of refrigerant oil in the air conditioner compressor.
9.2.16 Capacities for Audi V8 (4C_) ► 1994
Characteristics of refrigerant circuit:
• Restrictor (not coloured).
• Reservoir
• Air conditioner compressor from „Zexel / Valeo“ ⇒ Heating, air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual)
and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
Vehicle mod‐ Production period Total quantity of oil in refrig‐ Quantity of refrigerant oil in replace‐
el erant circuit in cm3 ment compressor in cm3
Audi V8 From 10.92 250 + 50 250 + 50
to 10.93
Note
♦ The replacement compressor contains the full quantity of oil
intended for the refrigerant circuit. On replacement, the quan‐
tity of oil in the air conditioner compressor is therefore to be
adjusted ⇒ page 136 .
♦ The logo of the compressor manufacturer „Zexel“ affixed to the
air conditioner compressor was switched as of year of pro‐
duction 2006 (when the manufacturer's name changed) from
„Zexel“ to the new name „Valeo“.
181
9. Capacities for refrigerant R134a, refrigerant oil and approved refrigerant oils