Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
2.2.7 Expansion valve
The expansion valve atomises the refrigerant flowing in and con‐
trols the flow rate in line with the quantity of heat transferred such
that it does not become gaseous before reaching the evaporator
outlet.
Note
♦ Pay attention to the correct part number on replacing the ex‐
pansion valve ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ Different characteristic curves matched to the appropriate cir‐
cuit ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air condi‐
tioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual) and
⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ Depending on the version of the air conditioner compressor,
the high-pressure end of the air conditioner compressor may
be fitted with a valve to prevent the backflow of liquid refriger‐
ant into the compressor after switching off the air conditioning
system. If an air conditioner compressor with this valve is fitted
on a vehicle with a refrigerant circuit with an expansion valve,
a relatively long period may elapse before the pressure on the
high-pressure end decreases (the expansion valve is cold and
the pressure on the low-pressure end increases rapidly after
switch-off, the expansion valve closes and the refrigerant can
only flow slowly to the low-pressure end). If the air conditioner
compressor is switched on, the pressure on the low-pressure
end decreases, the expansion valve opens and the refrigerant
can flow to the low-pressure end.
2.2.8 Refrigerant line with internal heat ex‐
changer
In this refrigerant line, the hot refrigerant (liquid) flowing through
the high-pressure side gives off energy to the cold refrigerant
(gaseous or vaporous) flowing through the low-pressure side,
thus enhancing the efficiency of the air conditioner.
Note
This illustration shows a refrigerant pipe with an internal heat ex‐
changer as fitted for example on the Audi A4 2008 > and the Audi
A5 Coupé 2008 > ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
A - Refrigerant line with internal heat exchanger
B - Channels in the refrigerant line in which the hot liquid refrig‐
erant flows to the evaporator (high-pressure end of the refrigerant
circuit).
C - Channel in the refrigerant line in which the cold refrigerant gas
or vapour flows to the air conditioner compressor (low-pressure
end of the refrigerant circuit).
22
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system