Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from speci‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
fication
• High and low pressure nor‐ ♦ Actuation of air conditioner compres‐ – Check actuation of -N280- .
mal at first sor regulating valve -N280- not OK
– Clean refrigerant circuit
• After some time, high pres‐ ♦ Moisture in refrigerant circuit (flush with refrigerant R134a
sure increases above spec‐ ⇒ page 59 or blow out with
ification and compressed air and nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ).
• low pressure drops to value
in graph or below
• Required cooling output is
no longer attained
• High and low pressure nor‐ – Renew receiver with dryer.
mal at first
– Evacuate refrigerant circuit
• After lengthy driving time, for at least 3 hours.
low pressure drops below
specification (evaporator – Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
ices up)
– Repeat test.
Note
♦ It is not initially necessary to clean the refrigerant circuit (flush
with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed
air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ) when this problem occurs. Nor‐
mally, there is only a small quantity of moisture in the system
which can be removed by lengthy evacuation.
♦ If a problem involving moisture in the refrigerant circuit only
occurs after a lengthy operating period or only infrequently
(low pressure drops below specification and evaporator ices
up), it is sufficient to replace the dryer in the receiver (adjust
quantity of refrigerant oil). The refrigerant circuit is then to be
evacuated for at least 3 hours.
♦ With this fault, the evaporator may ice up although the quantity
of refrigerant in the circuit is OK.
♦ A problem with evaporator output temperature sender -G263-
can also cause icing-up of refrigerant circuit. If this problem is
encountered, also pay attention to the measured value of the
evaporator output temperature sender -G263- ⇒ Vehicle di‐
agnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ func‐
tion for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
132
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system