Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ Blowing out the refrigerant circuit with compressed air and ni‐
trogen usually involves far more work than flushing with re‐
frigerant R134a. Flushing with refrigerant R134a also provides
far better cleaning of the components. Flushing should there‐
fore always be employed in the event of complaints (blowing
out should only be applied when dealing with certain problems
and for particular components).
♦ Under certain conditions it may, for example, be sufficient to
blow out specific components (e.g. individual refrigerant pipes
or refrigerant hoses) with compressed air and nitrogen (for in‐
stance to force old refrigerant oil out of individual components
following removal).
♦ Certain impurities are impossible or difficult to remove properly
from the refrigerant circuit using compressed air. Such impur‐
ities can be removed for example by flushing with refrigerant
R134a ⇒ page 59 .
♦ A maximum working pressure of 15 bar is not to be exceeded
when blowing out (corresponds to the pressure prevailing in a
charged refrigerant circuit at an ambient temperature of ap‐
prox. 60 °C; use pressure reducer for compressed air as well
if applicable).
WARNING
♦ Always work with pressure reducers for nitrogen cylinders
(max. working pressure 15 bar).
♦ Use appropriate extraction units to draw off gas mixture
escaping from components.
– Always flush or blow out components in direction opposite to
refrigerant flow.
Note
The restrictor, expansion valve, air conditioner compressor, re‐
ceiver and reservoir cannot be flushed with compressed air and
nitrogen.
– In the case of condensers fitted with a dryer cartridge in the
integrated receiver, this cartridge is to be removed.
Note
♦ In the case of condensers with an integrated receiver / dryer
cartridge which cannot be renewed separately, the condenser
is to be replaced after flushing.
♦ Depending on the version, receivers on which the dryer car‐
tridge can be replaced separately may be provided with an
additional filter element which may have to be replaced to‐
gether with the dryer cartridge.
– First flush out the old refrigerant oil and dirt with compressed
air and then use nitrogen to remove the moisture from the
components.
56
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system