Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
For example on account of ingress of moisture (refrigerant circuit
open for lengthy period) or contamination
– Discharge refrigerant circuit.
– Remove the air conditioner compressor.
– Eliminate cause of fault.
– Clean refrigerant circuit (flush with refrigerant R134a
⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed air or nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ).
– Check expansion valve for dirt or corrosion and renew if nec‐
essary
– Remove the oil drain plug from the air conditioner compressor.
Note
There are different versions of the oil drain plug and the corre‐
sponding seal (an O-ring or a sealing ring may be fitted, always
replace) ⇒ page 138 and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
– To accelerate drainage of the refrigerant oil, crank the air con‐
ditioner compressor by way of the magnetic clutch plate for
example.
– Pour the old refrigerant oil out of the air conditioner compres‐
sor.
Note
Disposal of old refrigerant ⇒ Audi-ServiceNet, HSO Environmen‐
tal Protection .
– Then add the quantity of fresh refrigerant oil to the air condi‐
tioner compressor corresponding to the quantity of refrigerant
oil in the replacement compressor (or the specified quantity of
refrigerant oil on vehicles with two evaporators if applicable)
⇒ page 164 .
Note
♦ Use different refrigerant oils and quantities for the various air
conditioner compressors ⇒ page 164 .
♦ To ensure air conditioner compressor lubrication on start-up,
at least 80 cm3 of refrigerant oil must be poured into the air
conditioner compressor. The remainder can be added for ex‐
ample to the new reservoir or receiver ⇒ page 144 .
♦ If dirt has ingressed into the air conditioner compressor with
the refrigerant circuit open (e.g. after an accident), the air con‐
ditioner compressor is to be replaced.
♦ On vehicles with two evaporators, the quantity of refrigerant
oil in the refrigerant circuit may be greater than the quantity in
the replacement compressor. On such vehicles, add the extra
quantity of refrigerant oil to the refrigerant circuit as necessary
⇒ page 55 .
– Renew receiver or reservoir and restrictor.
– Assemble, evacuate and charge refrigerant circuit.
142
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system