Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
1.5.7 Water content
Only very small amounts of water are soluble in liquid refrigerant.
On the other hand, refrigerant vapour and water vapour mix in
any ratio.
Any water in the refrigerant circuit will be entrained in droplet form
once the dryer in the receiver or reservoir has absorbed as little
as approx. 7 g of water. This water flows as far as the expansion
valve nozzle or the restrictor and turns to ice. The air conditioner
will then no longer provide any cooling effect.
Water causes irreparable damage to the air conditioner because
at high pressures and temperatures it combines with other im‐
purities to form acids.
1.5.8 Combustibility
Refrigerant is non-flammable. In fact it has a fire-inhibiting or fire-
extinguishing effect. Refrigerant decomposes when exposed to
flames or red-hot surfaces. UV light (produced for example during
electric welding) also causes refrigerant decomposition. The re‐
sultant decomposition products are toxic and must not be inhaled.
However, these chemicals irritate the mucous membranes, giving
adequate warning of their presence.
1.5.9 Charge factor
A vessel must have space for vapour as well as liquid. As the
temperature rises, the liquid expands. The vapour-filled space
becomes smaller. At a certain point, there will only be liquid in the
vessel. Beyond this, even a slight increase in temperature causes
great pressure to build up in the vessel as the liquid attempts to
continue expanding despite the absence of the necessary space.
The resultant forces are sufficient to rupture the vessel. To stop
vessels being overfilled, regulations governing the storage of
compressed gases specify the number of kilograms of refrigerant
with which a vessel may be filled per litre of internal vessel vol‐
ume. The maximum permissible capacity is calculated by multi‐
plying this "charge factor" by the internal volume of the vessel.
The figure for the refrigerant used in motor vehicles is 1.15 kg/
litre.
1.5.10 Tracing leaks
External damage, for example, can cause a leak in the refrigerant
circuit. The small quantity of refrigerant escaping from minor leaks
can be detected for example using an electronic leak detector or
by introducing a leak detection additive into the refrigerant circuit.
Electronic leak detectors are capable of registering leaks with re‐
frigerant losses of less than 5 g per year.
Note
Use must be made for the various refrigerants of leak detectors
designed for the composition of the refrigerant concerned. For
example, a leak detector for R12 refrigerant is not appropriate for
R134a, as R134a refrigerant has no chlorine atoms and the leak
detector therefore does not respond.
1.6 Refrigerant oil
Refrigerant oil mixes with the refrigerant (about 20 - 40 %, de‐
pending on compressor type and amount of refrigerant) and
circulates constantly in the system, lubricating the moving parts.
Special synthetic refrigerant oils, e.g. polyalkylene glycol (PAG)
oil, are used in conjunction with R134a air conditioning systems.
This is necessary as mineral oil, for example, does not mix with
7
1. General information on air conditioning systems