Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ Replacement compressors contain a certain specified quantity
of refrigerant oil. For vehicles with two evaporators, it may be
necessary to additionally add a certain quantity of refrigerant
oil to the circuit ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒
Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop man‐
ual) and ⇒ page 164 (approved refrigerant oils and refrigerant
oil capacities).
♦ If the air conditioner compressor is not to be replaced, the re‐
frigerant oil quantity in the air conditioner compressor must be
topped up in line with the specified capacity (pour out refrig‐
erant oil and add the specified quantity to the air conditioner
compressor or the refrigerant circuit again) ⇒ page 136 (re‐
place refrigerant circuit components) and ⇒ page 164 (ap‐
proved refrigerant oils and refrigerant oil capacities).
– Completely re-assemble the refrigerant circuit ⇒ Heating, air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87
(vehicle-specific workshop manual).
– Evacuate and charge the refrigerant circuit as specified
⇒ page 49 and ⇒ page 53 .
– Start up the air conditioner as specified ⇒ Heating, air condi‐
tioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-
specific workshop manual) and ⇒ page 53 .
4.5 Flushing (cleaning) refrigerant circuit
with refrigerant R134a
Caution
♦ If there is a possibility that chemical substances (sealing
additives) for sealing leaks have been added to the refrig‐
erant circuit to be flushed, do not connect the air condi‐
tioner service station to this refrigerant circuit and do not
flush this refrigerant circuit.
♦ Chemical substances (sealing additives) for sealing leaks
form deposits in the refrigerant circuit which will impair
operation of the air conditioning system and lead to failure
of the system (and of the air conditioner service station).
♦ Customers should be informed that the air conditioner in
their vehicle contains substances not approved by Audi
and that the system can therefore not be flushed and
serviced by your workshop.
59
4. Refrigerant circuit