Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
frost button; the air conditioner functions properly again after
a short delay following engine shut-off.
Remedy:
– In the case of vehicles as of Model Year 2001 and an air con‐
ditioner compressor with air conditioner compressor regulat‐
ing valve -N280- , check the measured value of the evaporator
output temperature sender -G263- (by way of the „Reading
measured value block“ function). If the sender measured value
is too low under the usage conditions outlined by the customer
(at ambient temperature above 0 °C, colder than 0 °C for a
lengthy period although -N280- is currently not being actuated)
or too high (greater than approx. 10 °C although the air con‐
ditioner is functioning properly), the evaporator may ice up due
to the incorrect measured value ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester
( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ function for air con‐
ditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
– On vehicles with no evaporator output temperature sender -
G263- use the footwell vent temperature sender -G192- for
example to check the output temperature in the settings: "Lo
temperature" for driver and front passenger side, 4 or 5 bars
for the fresh air blower speed, air outlet to the footwell and
fresh-air mode under the usage conditions described by the
customer. If the measured value of the sender is too low (at
ambient temperature above 0 °C, colder than 0 °C for lengthy
period).
– Check refrigerant pipe between evaporator and reservoir
(thick pipe, low-pressure side) with engine running. If this pipe
is severely iced up when the problem occurs (a thin ice layer
is permissible), this is a further indication that the temperature
in the evaporator is too low.
– Discharge refrigerant circuit, renew reservoir or receiver with
dryer and then evacuate refrigerant circuit for at least 3 hours.
♦ Test requirements ⇒ page 104 .
♦ Checking pressures ⇒ page 106 .
♦ Continuation of testing depending on design of refrigerant cir‐
cuit ⇒ page 108
7.1.1 Test requirements
• Radiator and condenser clean (clean if necessary)
• Thermal insulation at expansion valve OK and properly instal‐
led.*
• Poly V-belt OK and properly tensioned / belts for air condi‐
tioner compressor and alternator OK and properly tensioned.*
• All air ducts, covers and seals OK and properly installed.
• Electrical system and vacuum system fault-finding has not re‐
vealed any faults* ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester ( „self-diagno‐
sis“ or „guided fault-finding“ function for air conditioner) and ⇒
Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
• Air conditioner self-diagnosis has not revealed any faults (with
engine running and air conditioner switched on), no compres‐
sor shut-off criteria displayed in measured value block (vehi‐
cles with „air conditioner“ self-diagnosis only) * ⇒ Vehicle
diagnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“
function for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
• Air flow through dust and pollen filter not impeded by dirt*
104
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system