Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ As replacement parts are sometimes stored for lengthy peri‐
ods and at different locations, it is quite possible that gas will
escape from some parts and not from others on initial opening
(even in the case of identical replacement part numbers). The
sealing caps at the replacement part connections are there‐
fore to be detached carefully and the nitrogen gas allowed to
escape slowly.
♦ Refrigerant circuits are fitted either with a restrictor and reser‐
voir or with an expansion valve and receiver.
♦ The dryer cartridge or components with desiccant bag (reser‐
voir, receiver) are always to be replaced after cleaning the
refrigerant circuit (flushing with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59
or blowing out with compressed air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 );
in doing so, leave sealed as long as possible to minimise the
absorption of moisture.
♦ The dryer cartridge or components with desiccant bag (reser‐
voir, receiver) are to be replaced if required for certain repair
operations or if the refrigerant circuit has been open for a
lengthy period and moisture has ingressed (e.g. following an
accident) ⇒ page 138 .
♦ The period of time for which a refrigerant circuit may be left
open without having to replace a component with desiccant
bag (reservoir, receiver) is largely governed by ambient influ‐
ences. Given a high ambient temperature and a high humidity
level or if the vehicle has been standing in the open for exam‐
ple or driven (in wet, foggy weather conditions), the period will
be considerably shorter than for a vehicle which has been
standing in a heated dry area. The size of the opening through
which moisture may ingress into the circuit also influences the
period for which a refrigerant circuit can be left open without
having to replace components with desiccant bag
⇒ page 138 .
♦ Seal open connections and pipes (to prevent absorption of
moisture).
♦ Always renew restrictor.
Caution
♦ Contaminated refrigerant oils must be disposed of as used
oils of unknown origin ⇒ Audi-ServiceNet, HSO Environ‐
mental Protection .
♦ Leaking or damaged components (except air conditioner com‐
pressor, reservoir or receiver) ⇒ page 138
♦ Leaking or damaged components (except air conditioner com‐
pressor, reservoir or receiver) ⇒ page 139
♦ Replacing air conditioner compressor without the need for re‐
frigerant circuit cleaning ⇒ page 140 .
♦ Replacing air conditioner compressor on account of leakage
or internal damage ⇒ page 141
♦ Renewing receiver or reservoir and restrictor after cleaning
refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 141
♦ Replacing receiver or reservoir without the need for refrigerant
circuit cleaning ⇒ page 143 .
137
8. Renewing components of refrigerant circuit