Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
specification
• High pressure remains ♦ Actuation of air conditioner com‐ – Check actuation of -N280- .
constant or only increa‐ pressor regulating valve -N280-
ses slightly (above pres‐ not OK – Localise leak with leak detector and
sure with engine stop‐ eliminate
ped) ♦ Not enough refrigerant in circuit
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
• Low pressure quickly
drops to value in graph or
below
• Required cooling output
is not attained
• High pressure normal
• Low pressure too low
(see graph)
• Required cooling output
is not attained
• High pressure normal
• Low pressure too low
(see graph)
• Required cooling output
is not attained
Note
If no fault is found for this problem, clean refrigerant circuit (flush
with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed
air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
Possible deviation from spec‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
ification
• High pressure does not in‐ ♦ No actuation of the air conditioner – Check actuation and drive of the air
crease or only to slightly compressor ( air conditioner conditioner compressor and perform
above the pressure with compressor regulating valve - repair ⇒ Heating, air conditioning;
the engine stopped, N280- ) Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87
• low pressure does not de‐ ♦ The air conditioner compressor is
crease or only slightly. not driven.
• Requi r e d cooling output is
not attained
♦ Constriction or blockage in the re‐ – Clean the refrigerant circuit (flush
frigerant circuit (e.g. in the refrig‐ with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or
erant pipe between the „low- blow out with compressed air and ni‐
pressure end“ service connection trogen ⇒ page 55 ).
and the air conditioner compres‐
sor). – Replace hose or pipe if kinked or
constricted.
♦ Air conditioner compressor de‐ – Replace the air conditioner com‐
fective. pressor.
122
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system