Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from speci‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
fication
• High pressure normal or too ♦ Actuation of air conditioner compres‐ – Check actuation of -N280- .
high sor regulating valve -N280- not OK
– Extract refrigerant from re‐
• Low pressure too high (see ♦ Too much refrigerant in the circuit. frigerant circuit.
graph)
♦ Expansion valve defective
• The quantity of refrigerant
• Air conditioner compressor
noise (particularly after ♦ Air conditioner compressor defective. extracted roughly corre‐
sponds to the actual capaci‐
switch-on)
ty.
• Required cooling output is
– Renew expansion valve and
attained
receiver.
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat the test, if the func‐
tion is not OK:
– Replace the air conditioner
compressor.
• If quantity of refrigerant ex‐
tracted is substantially great‐
er than specified capacity:
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat test.
Note
♦ This fault may also be caused by too much refrigerant oil in
the circuit. Overfilling with refrigerant oil may occur if, for ex‐
ample, the air conditioner compressor has been replaced
without adjusting the quantity of refrigerant oil.
♦ If the expansion valve is defective (permanently closed or
does not open sufficiently), -N280- is actuated to maximum
output and the low pressure drops to the value in the graph or
below (the air conditioner compre s sor draws off refrigerant
from the low-pressure end). As however refrigerant cannot
flow via the expansion valve, the cooling output is not attained
and the high pressure may also not increase or only increase
slightly due to the absence of energy conversion ⇒ Vehicle
diagnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“
function for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
Possible deviation from speci‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
fication
• High and low pressure nor‐ ♦ Actuation of air conditioner compres‐ – Check actuation of -N280- .
mal sor regulating valve -N280- not OK
– Discharge refrigerant circuit.
• Required cooling output is ♦ Too much refrigerant in the circuit.
attained – Clean refrigerant circuit
♦ Expansion valve defective
(flush with refrigerant R134a
⇒ page 59 or blow out with
compressed air and nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ).
134
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system