Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from speci‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
fication
• High pressure normal ♦ Actuation of air conditioner compres‐ – Check actuation of -N280- .
sor regulating valve -N280- not OK
• Low pressure too low (see – Clean refrigerant circuit
graph) ♦ Expansion valve or air conditioner (flush with refrigerant R134a
compressor defective. ⇒ page 59 or blow out with
• Required cooling output is
compressed air and nitrogen
attained ♦ Air conditioner compressor defective.
⇒ page 55 ) (not always nec‐
essary, refer to notes).
– Renew expansion valve and
receiver.
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat the test, if the func‐
tion is not OK:
– Replace the air conditioner
compressor.
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat test.
Note
♦ Heed the following in the event of the fault „High pressure nor‐
mal, low pressure too low“: With this fault, the evaporator may
ice up although the quantity of refrigerant in the circuit is OK.
♦ If the problem is with -N280- (the regulating valve is not actu‐
ated but the air conditioner compressor operates neverthe‐
less), the refrigerant circuit does not have to be cleaned (flush
with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed
air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ). It is sufficient in this case to re‐
p lace the air conditioner compressor (heed quantity of refrig‐
erant oil in air conditioner compressor).
♦ If the expansion valve is defective (permanently closed or
does not open sufficiently), -N280- is actuated to maximum
output and the low pressure drops to the value in the graph or
below (the air conditioner compressor draws off refrigerant
from the low-pressure end). As refrigerant cannot however
flow via expansion valve, cooling output is not attained and
high pressure may either not increase or only slightly due to
the absence of energy conversion.
♦ Check the measured values of the evaporator output temper‐
ature sender -G263- and actuation of -N280- . If the measured
value of the evaporator output temperature sender -G263- is
incorrect, the evaporator may ice up or the cooling output is
not attained ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or
„guided fault-finding“ function for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heat‐
ing, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
133
7. Checking pressures