Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
The relationship between pressure and temperature indicated on
the pressure gauges no longer applies if no liquid is present and
the pressure is built up solely by gas.
2.9 Air conditioner service and recycling
units
Air conditioner service units for the extraction, cleaning and trans‐
fer of refrigerant for motor vehicle air conditioning systems are
currently available from various manufacturers.
Only certain air conditioner service stations (with appropriate ad‐
ditional equipment and various adapters if applicable) can be
used for flushing the refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 59 .
♦ Classification of extraction systems ⇒ page 38
♦ Charging systems that do not require a permit ⇒ page 38
2.9.1 Classification of extraction systems
Note
♦ The air conditioner service and recycling units used in motor
vehicle workshops are extraction and charging systems that
do not require a permit (Group „3“) but which should only be
operated by qualified personnel. Instructions for unit operation
and maintenance can be found in the relevant manufacturer's
documentation.
♦ Extraction and charging systems of groups „1“ and „2“ are not
used in motor vehicle workshops.
Group „3“ extraction and charging systems:
Mobile extraction and charging systems for filling compressed-
gas vessels permanently connected to the system
The refrigerant or refrigerant/oil mixture is transferred to com‐
pressed-gas vessels which are permanently connected to the
mobile systems. In line with § 3 Para. 5 No. 3 of the German
pressure vessel regulations (different regulations may apply in
other countries), compressed-gas vessels are classified as pres‐
sure vessels in this case.
The charging systems:
– Do not require a permit.
– Do not require expert testing, as the gas is transferred to com‐
pressed-gas vessels which are classed as being pressure
vessels (by contrast, a permit is required for the system for
filling compressed-gas vessels from these pressure vessels
for transfer to other parties and testing is mandatory).
2.9.2 Charging systems that do not require a
permit
Charging systems not requiring a permit are ones used for trans‐
ferring compressed gases to mobile compressed-gas vessels for
internal use only.
Note:
Some air conditioner service units are charging systems not re‐
quiring a permit. When working with such equipment, the refrig‐
38
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system