Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
• The use of fire-extinguishing and protective equipment
• Operation and maintenance of the charging system on the ba‐
sis of the instructions for use
– Charging systems may only be operated and maintained by
persons:
– Aged 18 and above
– Possessing the necessary technical knowledge.
– Who can be relied upon to work diligently.
Note
Work under supervision may also be performed by persons who
fail to comply with the above-mentioned prerequisites.
Charging (a special TRG applies to vessels from other countries
and charging of these).
♦ A compressed-gas vessel is only to be filled with the com‐
pressed gas declared on it and the quantity must comply with
the stipulated pressure, weight or volume data (refer to pres‐
sure vessel regulations).
♦ In the case of vessels approved for use with several types of
compressed gas, the compressed gas with which it is to be
filled and - if the compressed gas has a tc ≥ -10 °C (tc = critical
temperature) - the maximum permissible charging weight in
line with TRG 104 must be marked on the vessel prior to con‐
nection for filling.
♦ Compressed-gas vessels marked with the maximum permis‐
sible charge pressure in bar at 15 °C must be filled manomet‐
rically. If, at the time of filling, the temperature is not 15 °C, the
pressure corresponding to the prevailing temperature must be
established; it must be ensured that the permissible charge
pressure at 15 °C is not exceeded in the compressed-gas
vessel. The charged vessels must be checked by way of ran‐
dom pressure measurements to determine possible overfill‐
ing.
♦ Compressed-gas vessels on which the maximum permissible
capacity is indicated by the net weight (filling weight, permis‐
sible weight of fill) in kilograms must be filled gravimetrically.
The vessels must be weighed during filling and subsequently
subjected to a weight check on special scales to detect pos‐
sible overfilling. Scales used for this purpose must be calibra‐
ted.
♦ Under certain conditions, gases with a tc ≥ +70 °C may be
transferred volumetrically from compressed-gas vessels with
a maximum volume of 150 l to compressed-gas vessels with
a volume of max. 1000 ccm. The stipulations of the TRG apply
to the transfer of liquefied gas to cylinders used by workmen.
♦ The following TRG apply to vessels in vehicles:
– TRG 101 to gases with a tc ≥ +70 °C.
– TRG 102 or TRG 103 to industrial gas mixtures with a tc ≥
+70 °C:
– Liquefied extremely low-temperature compressed gases (re‐
fer to TRG 103) may also be filled volumetrically (with the
exception of vessels in vehicles) if the charging system and/
or the vessels is/are equipped with devices for measuring or
limiting the volume of the charge and for measuring the tem‐
perature of the charge. When filling volumetrically, it must be
ensured that the permissible charge weight indicated on the
42
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system