Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ After pouring in the leak detection additive, the air conditioner
must be operated for at least 60 min. to distribute the additive
throughout the refrigerant circuit (the air conditioner compres‐
sor must run). Depending on the extent of the leak, the leakage
location may already become visible under UV light within this
period.
♦ Depending on its magnitude and location, it may take several
days for sufficient refrigerant oil with additive to emerge to
clearly localise the leakage point.
♦ In the event of leaks at the evaporator, the additive may be
washed out with the condensate and emerge via the conden‐
sate drain. As considerable work is required on most vehicles
to gain access to the evaporator, a check at the condensate
drain for example can provide an indication of evaporator leak‐
age. This does however require the additive to have been in
the refrigerant circuit for a lengthy period (several days).
♦ The safety goggles are not only designed to provide eye pro‐
tection. They also make the additive more readily visible under
UV light.
♦ Depending on the accessibility of various parts of the refriger‐
ant circuit, it may be necessary to remove certain vehicle
components (e.g. the bumper or air cleaner).
♦ Certain parts of the refrigerant circuit are only supplied with a
small quantity of refrigerant oil in the course of air conditioner
operation (e.g. top-mounted cap of receiver attached to con‐
denser on Audi A8 2010 >). In the event of leakage at such
locations, it may take longer for a sufficient amount of refrig‐
erant with refrigerant oil and additive which shows up under
ultraviolet light to emerge for leak detection. In such areas it
may therefore be appropriate to use an electronic leak detec‐
tor for leak localisation
⇒ „4.6.1 Tracing refrigerant circuit leaks with electronic leak
detector (e.g. V.A.G 1796)“, page 88 .
– Move vehicle to a less brightly lit area of the workshop (daylight
or bright artificial lighting diminishes the effect of the UV light).
– Check the accessibility of the various parts of the refrigerant
circuit and remove any components in the surrounding area
which prevent a clear view of the refrigerant circuit compo‐
nents (e.g. noise insulation and bumper).
– Wear safety goggles to protect the eyes.
– Connect the UV lamp to a 12 V battery (vehicle battery). Take
care to ensure correct polarity of connections.
– Switch on UV lamp and illuminate components of refrigerant
circuit. Locations at which leakage has resulted in the emer‐
gence of refrigerant, refrigerant oil and thus also leak detection
additive show up under UV light (fluorescent).
96
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system