Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
10 - Evaporator
11 - Fitting location for restrictor
❑ Restrictor removed.
❑ Remove the restrictor ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-
specific workshop manual).
12 - Bolt connection in refrigerant line
❑ Screw back together following restrictor removal ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
13 - Condenser
14 - Connection (high-pressure side) at refrigerant circuit
❑ Different versions depending on vehicle ⇒ page 71
15 - Adapter for connection (high-pressure side) at refrigerant circuit
❑ Different versions depending on vehicle ⇒ page 71
❑ From adapter set for refrigerant circuits -VAS 6338/1-
16 - Filler hose to flushing kit for refrigerant circuits
❑ From the high-pressure end connection of the air conditioner compressor at the refrigerant circuit (smaller
diameter) to the inlet of the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment.
17 - Flushing kit for refrigerant circuits
❑ Different versions and different design of flushing kit for refrigerant circuits ⇒ Workshop equipment and
special tools catalogue
❑ With filter, sight glass, safety valve, heater, refrigerant vessel etc. (depending on version)
❑ De p ending on the design of the air conditioner service station and the refrigerant circuit flushing kit, a
non-return valve may be fitted at the outlet of the refrigerant circuit flushing kit (to guarantee the correct
direction of refrigerant flow when flushing).
18 - Refrigerant hose of air conditioner service station
❑ From low-pressure side of air conditioner service station (usually blue) to outlet of flushing kit for refrig‐
erant circuits
Refrigerant circuit with expansion valve, receiver and second
evaporator
Note
♦ This block diagram shows a refrigerant circuit with expansion
valve, receiver and a second evaporator (optional extra for
certain vehicles).
♦ On vehicles with expansion valve and receiver, the expansion
valve is removed and replaced with an adapter. Depending on
the vehicle, the receiver is also removed and the pipe con‐
nections to the receiver are connected using two adapters and
a filler hose.
♦ On vehicles with only one evaporator, the components from
item „16“ onwards are not fitted / are not required.
69
4. Refrigerant circuit