Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
♦ Blowing out refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 58
4.4.1 Blowing out refrigerant circuit
Note
♦ In the case of vehicles on which the refrigerant lines have no
threads for connection of adapters V.A.G -1785- , use is to be
made, for example, for blowing out the individual components
of a blow-out gun with rubber mouthpiece or an adapter from
the VW/Audi passenger vehicle adapter set -VAS 6338/1- .
Special care must be taken not to damage the connections
(crushing or scratching) when using a blow-out gun with rub‐
ber mouthpiece.
♦ The evaporator is to be blown out by way of the connection for
the low-pressure pipe (large diameter) after detaching the ex‐
pansion valve or removing the restrictor.
♦ Always flush or blow out components in direction opposite to
refrigerant flow.
♦ Check expansion valve and renew if dirty or corroded.
♦ If dark, sticky deposits cannot be removed with compressed
air, flush the components concerned with refrigerant R134a or
renew.
♦ Thin, light grey deposits on the insides of pipes do not impair
the function of the components.
♦ After flushing, always renew receiver or reservoir and restric‐
tor. In the case of condensers fitted with a dryer cartridge in
the integrated receiver, this cartridge is to be replaced.
♦ In the case of condensers with an integrated receiver / dryer
cartridge which cannot be replaced separately or which is not
available as a replacement part, the condenser must be re‐
placed after flushing ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒
Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87 .
♦ Depending on the version, receivers on which the dryer car‐
tridge can be replaced separately may be provided with an
additional filter element which may have to be replaced to‐
gether with the dryer cartridge.
After blowing out the refrigerant circuit:
– Replace the vehicle-specific components (restrictor and res‐
ervoir, expansion valve and receiver or dryer cartridge) ⇒
Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual) and ⇒ Elec‐
tronic parts catalogue .
– Depending on the problem, replace the air conditioner com‐
pressor ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual)
and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue or drain off the remaining
refrigerant oil from the air conditioner compressor removed
⇒ page 136 (replace refrigerant circuit components) and add
the specified quantity of fresh refrigerant oil again
⇒ page 164 (approved refrigerant oils and refrigerant oil ca‐
pacities).
58
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system