Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
7 Checking pressures
♦ Checking the pressures in the refrigerant circuit (with the air
conditioner service station) with the ignition switched off
⇒ page 103
♦ Checking pressures on vehicles with a restrictor and reservoir
(with internally regulated air conditioner compressor)
⇒ page 108
♦ Checking pressures on vehicles with an expansion valve and
receiver (with internally regulated air conditioner compressor)
⇒ page 113
♦ Checking pressures on vehicles with restrictor, reservoir and
air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- (externally
regulated air conditioner compressor) ⇒ page 118
♦ Checking pressures on vehicles with expansion valve, receiv‐
er and air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280-
(externally regulated air conditioner compressor)
⇒ page 126
7.1 Checking pressures in refrigerant circuit
with air conditioner service station (with
ignition switched off)
Note
♦ All test requirements marked with an * are vehicle-specific and
are described in the Workshop Manual for the relevant vehicle.
♦ Check cooling output.
♦ Connections with valve and service connections for measure‐
ment and testing ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or
⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop
manual).
♦ Depending on the version of the air conditioner compressor,
the high-pressure end of the air conditioner compressor may
be fitted with a valve to prevent the backflow of liquid refriger‐
ant into the compressor after switching off the air conditioning
system. If an air conditioner compressor with this valve is fitted
on a vehicle with a refrigerant circuit with an expansion valve,
a relatively long period may elapse before the pressure on the
high-pressure end decreases (the expansion valve is cold and
the pressure on the low-pressure end increases rapidly after
switch-off, the expansion valve closes and the refrigerant can
only flow slowly to the low-pressure end). If the air conditioner
compressor is switched on, the pressure on the low-pressure
end decreases, the expansion valve opens and the refrigerant
can flow to the low-pressure end.
Under certain operating conditions, residual moisture in the cool‐
ant circuit may lead to the formation of ice at the air conditioner
compressor regulating valve. Such ice formation impedes air con‐
ditioner compressor control. The evaporator is excessively cooled
and ices up. An iced-up evaporator may cause the following prob‐
lems:
♦ Repeated or sporadic failure of the air conditioner (no cooling/
heating output) after a lengthy journey; operation of the air
conditioner soon returns to normal after switching off the en‐
gine
♦ Misting up of the windows on the inside after a long journey;
the windows are initially not cleared even by pressing the De-
103
7. Checking pressures