Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from speci‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
fication
• High pressure remains con‐ ♦ Actuation of air conditioner compres‐ – Check actuation of -N280-
stant or only increases sor regulating valve -N280- not OK
slightly (above pressure – Extract refrigerant from re‐
with engine stopped) ♦ Not enough refrigerant in circuit frigerant circuit.
• Low pressure quickly drops ♦ Expansion valve defective • If quantity of refrigerant ex‐
to value in graph or below tracted is substantially less
than specified capacity:
• Required cooling output is
not attained
• High pressure normal – Localise leak with leak de‐
tector and eliminate
• Low pressure in line with
value in graph – Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
• Required cooling output is
– Repeat test.
not attained
• High pressure normal • If quantity of refrigerant ex‐
tracted roughly corresponds
• Low pressure too low (see to specified capacity:
graph)
– Renew expansion valve.
• Required cooling output is
not attained – Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat test.
Note
♦ If no fault is found for this problem, clean refrigerant circuit
(flush with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with com‐
pressed air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
♦ Check the measured values of the evaporator output temper‐
ature sender -G263- and actuation of -N280- . If the measured
value of the evaporator output temperature sender -G263- is
not OK, the evaporator may ice up or the cooling output is not
attained.
♦ If, after replacing the expansion valve, operation of the air
conditioning system is not OK when the test is repeated (re-fit
old expansion valve), clean the refrigerant circuit (flush with
refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed air
and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ). Then replace the air conditioner
compressor and receiver.
♦ With this fault, the evaporator may ice up although the quantity
of refrigerant in the circuit is OK.
♦ If the expansion valve is defective (permanently closed or
does not open sufficiently), -N280- is actuated to maximum
output and the low pressure drops to the value in the graph or
below (the air conditioner compressor draws off refrigerant
from the low-pressure end). As however refrigerant cannot
flow via the expansion valve, the cooling output is not attained
and the high pressure may also not increase or only increase
slightly due to the absence of energy conversion ⇒ Vehicle
diagnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“
function for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
129
7. Checking pressures