Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
2.5.7 Refrigerant pressure and temperature
sender -G395-
The refrigerant pressure and temperature sender -G395- is fitted
instead of the high-pressure sender -G65- .
The refrigerant pressure and temperature sender -G395- ( „grey“
housing at present) and the high-pressure sender -G65- ( „black“
housing at present) currently only differ outwardly in terms of the
housing colour and attention is therefore to be paid to the correct
assignment on replacement (part number ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue ). As these two senders emit different signals, the rel‐
evant control unit can only evaluate the signal to which it has been
matched ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air con‐
ditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
When voltage is applied, the refrigerant pressure and tempera‐
ture sender -G395- exchanges information via the air conditioner
data bus ( „Lin bus“) with the corresponding control unit. The rel‐
evant control unit uses this information to calculate the pressure
and temperature in the refrigerant circuit and any faults detected
are signalled to the control unit.
The temperature measured by the refrigerant pressure and tem‐
perature sender -G395- differs on account of the design of -G395-
and the fitting location from the actual temperature of the
refrigerant in the refrigerant circuit. It is therefore not evaluated at
present by all control units and used for air conditioner control ⇒
Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
This information is used for example by the operating and display
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to calculate the pressure in
the refrigerant circuit and to actuate the downstream control units
(radiator fan control unit, engine control unit etc.) by way of the
data bus. These control units then regulate, for example, the ra‐
diator fans and engine accordingly ⇒ Heating, air conditioning;
Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual).
2.5.8 Air conditioner compressor regulating
valve -N280-
The regulating valve is installed in the air conditioner compressor.
It is actuated by the operating and display unit for Climatronic air
conditioning system -E87- or the Climatronic control unit -J255-
(possibly via the data bus and an additional control unit depending
on the vehicle) ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
The pressure in the low-pressure side is influenced by way of the
regulating valve, thus regulating the temperature in the evapora‐
tor.
Note
The air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- is part of
the air conditioner compressor and cannot be replaced separate‐
ly.
31
2. General information on refrigerant circuit