Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
For environmental reasons, refrigerants must not be released into
the atmosphere ⇒ page 40 (see the relevant environmental leg‐
islation).
1.8 General work safety
♦ In accordance with regulations of the German industrial liabil‐
ity insurance association, VBG 20, (other regulations may
apply in other countries)
♦ Heed the workplace-specific instructions ⇒ Audi-ServiceNet,
HSO Environmental Protection , which are to be displayed at
refrigerant workplaces.
1.9 Product properties
Refrigerants used in motor vehicle air conditioning systems be‐
long to the new generation of refrigerants based on chlorine-free,
partially fluorinated hydrocarbons (H-FKW, R134a; other names
may be used in other countries).
With regard to their physical properties, these are refrigerants
which have been liquefied under pressure. They are subject to
the regulations governing pressure vessels and may only be used
in approved and appropriately marked containers.
Specific requirements must be observed to ensure safe and prop‐
er handling:
1.10 Handling refrigerant
If refrigerant vessels are opened, the contents may escape in liq‐
uid or vapour form. The higher the pressure in the vessel, the
more vigourous the process.
The pressure level is governed by two factors:
• The type of refrigerant in the vessel. „Rule: The lower the boil‐
ing point, the higher the pressure.“
• The temperature level. „Rule: The higher the temperature, the
higher the pressure.“
WARNING
♦ Do not open vessels containing refrigerant.
Wear safety goggles
Put on safety goggles to prevent refrigerant getting into the eyes,
as this could cause severe injury through frostbite.
Wear protective gloves and apron
Grease and oils dissolve readily in refrigerants. They would there‐
fore damage the protective layer of grease if allowed to come into
contact with the skin. Degreased skin is however sensitive to the
cold and germs.
Do not allow liquid refrigerant to come into contact with the skin
The refrigerant draws heat for evaporation from the surrounding
area - even if this is the skin. This may give rise to extremely low
temperatures and result in local frostbite (boiling point of R134a:
-26.5 °C at ambient pressure).
Do not inhale refrigerant vapours
If refrigerant vapour escapes in concentrated form, it mixes with
the surrounding air and displaces the oxygen necessary for
breathing.
10
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system