Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
specification
• High and low pressure ♦ Expansion valve defective – Replace receiver (with dryer) and
normal at first evacuate refrigerant circuit for at
♦ Moisture in refrigerant circuit least 3 hours (see notes)
• After some time, high
pressure increases – Check expansion valve for dirt or
above specification and corrosion and renew if necessary
low pressure drops to
value in graph or below – Clean the refrigerant circuit (flush
with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59
• Required cooling output
or blow out with compressed air
is no longer attained
and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
• High and low pressure
normal at first
• After lengthy operating
period, low pressure
drops excessively
(evaporator ices up)
Note
♦ It is not initially necessary to clean the refrigerant circuit (flush
with refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed
air and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ) when this problem occurs. Nor‐
mally, there is only a small quantity of moisture in the system
which can be removed by lengthy evacuation.
♦ If a problem involving moisture in the refrigerant circuit only
occurs after a lengthy operating period or only infrequently
(low pressure drops below specification and evaporator ices
up), it is sufficient to replace the dryer (adjust the quantity of
refrigerant oil). Subsequently, evacuate refrigerant circuit for
at least 3 hours.
Possible deviation from specifica‐ Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
tion
• High pressure normal or too ♦ Too much refrigerant in the – Extract refrigerant from refrigerant
high circuit. circuit.
• Low pressure too high (see ♦ Expansion valve or air condi‐ • If quantity of refrigerant extracted
graph) tioner compressor defective. roughly corresponds to specified
capacity:
• Required cooling output is not
attained – Renew expansion valve.
• Air conditioner compressor
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
noise (particularly after switch-
on).
– Repeat test.
• The quantity of refrigerant extrac‐
ted is substantially greater than
the specified capacity.
– Re-charge refrigerant circuit.
– Repeat test.
116
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system