Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
6 Connecting air conditioner service
station
♦ Air conditioner service station connection on vehicles with a
connection on the low and high-pressure end of the refrigerant
circuit ⇒ page 99 .
♦ Air conditioner service station connection on vehicles with no
connection on the low-pressure end of the refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 99 .
6.1 Connecting air conditioner service sta‐
tion on vehicles with a connection on the
low and high-pressure end of the refrig‐
erant circuit
Connecting air conditioner service station for measuring and test‐
ing
– Switch off ignition.
– Connect air conditioner service station to power supply.
– Connect quick-release coupling adapters to the charging ho‐
ses of the air conditioner service station (handwheels not
screwed in/hand shut-off valve not open).
– Switch on the air conditioner service station and evacuate the
charging hoses (only necessary if there is air in the charging
hoses).
– Switch off air conditioner service station.
– Unscrew the sealing caps from the service connections (with
valve).
– Connect up the air conditioner service station via the service
connections with quick-release coupling adapters to the vehi‐
cle refrigerant circuit.
– Only screw in the handwheel of the quick-release coupling
adapters to the extent required to reliably open the valves at
the refrigerant circuit connection (observe pressure gauge, do
not open valves further than necessary).
– Perform the intended tests and measurements.
6.2 Connecting air conditioner service sta‐
tion on vehicles with no connection on
the low-pressure end of the refrigerant
circuit
On the following vehicles, no service connection is provided for
the air conditioner service station on the low-pressure side of the
refrigerant circuit. Adapters are required for connecting the air
conditioner service station to the refrigerant circuit of these vehi‐
cles.
♦ Audi 80, Audi Cabriolet, Audi Coupé
♦ Audi A4 up to 07/96
♦ Audi 100 / Audi A6 up to 03/97
♦ Audi A8 up to 11/97
99
6. Connecting air conditioner service station