Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Smoking is absolutely prohibited
A burning cigarette can cause refrigerant to decompose. The re‐
sultant substances are toxic and must not be inhaled.
Welding and soldering on refrigeration systems
Before performing welding, brazing or soldering work on vehicles
in the vicinity of air conditioning system components, extract re‐
frigerant and remove any remaining refrigerant by blowing out
with nitrogen.
The products of decomposition of the refrigerant arising from the
effect of heat are not only toxic, but also highly corrosive and can
therefore damage pipes and sections of the system. The principal
substance is hydrogen fluoride.
Pungent odour
A pungent odour indicates that the products of decomposition
mentioned above have already formed. Avoid inhaling these sub‐
stances under all circumstances, as otherwise the airways, lungs
and other organs could be damaged.
First aid
• Following accidental contact with eyes or mucous mem‐
branes, immediately rinse with copious amounts of running
water and consult an eye specialist.
• Following accidental contact with the skin, immediately re‐
move clothing affected and rinse skin with copious amounts of
water.
• Following accidental inhalation of concentrated refrigerant va‐
pours, the person concerned must be taken immediately into
the open air. Call a doctor. Administer oxygen in the event of
breathing difficulties. If the person affected is having great dif‐
ficulty breathing or is not breathing at all, tilt back head and
administer artificial respiration.
♦ Handling pressure vessels ⇒ page 11
1.11 Handling pressure vessels
Secure vessels to prevent them falling over.
Secure upright cylinders to stop them falling over and cylinders
lying flat to stop them rolling away.
Pressure vessels must never be thrown.
If dropped, the vessels could be so severely deformed that they
rupture. The refrigerant evaporates immediately, liberating con‐
siderable force. Flying fragments of cylinders can cause severe
injuries.
To protect the valves, cylinders may only be transported with the
protective cap screwed on.
Valves may break off if cylinders are not properly transported.
Never store in the vicinity of radiators.
High temperatures may occur in such areas. High temperatures
are also accompanied by high pressures and the maximum per‐
missible vessel pressure may be exceeded.
Never heat to above 50 °C
To avoid possible risk, pressure vessel regulations specify that
vessels are not to be heated to in excess of 50 °C.
Do not heat in an uncontrolled manner
Do NOT heat with a naked flame. Local overheating can cause
structural changes in the material of the vessel, which then reduce
11
1. General information on air conditioning systems