Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
2.2.6 Receiver
The receiver collects the droplets of liquid and conveys them in a
continuous stream to the expansion valve. Any moisture ingress‐
ing into the refrigerant circuit during assembly is collected by a
dryer in the receiver.
Note
♦ Renew receiver if refrigerant circuit has been open for a rela‐
tively long period and moisture has ingressed, or if replace‐
ment is stipulated due to a specific complaint ⇒ page 136 .
♦ Do not remove the sealing plugs until immediately prior to in‐
stallation.
♦ If the receiver is not sealed, the desiccant bag soon becomes
saturated with moisture and thus unusable.
♦ When installing, observe arrow indicating direction of flow (if
applicable).
♦ Depending on the design of the refrigerant circuit, the receiver
may also be attached to the condenser or installed in (inte‐
grated into) the condenser ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific
workshop manual) and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ The procedure for dealing with problems differs depending on
the version of the receiver / dryer cartridge. If, for example, the
receiver is attached to the condenser, it can be replaced to‐
gether with the dryer cartridge. If, for example, the receiver is
integrated into the condenser, it is usually possible to replace
the dryer cartridge and any additional filter element separately.
If the receiver is integrated into the condenser and it is not
possib l e to replace the receiver/dryer cartridge separately, it
may be necessary to replace the entire condenser ⇒ Heating,
air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr.
87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual) and ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue .
♦ Depending on the design of the refrigerant circuit, the desic‐
cant bag (dryer cartridge) may also be installed in the con‐
denser ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual)
and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
21
2. General information on refrigerant circuit