Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
– Remove the oil drain plug -B- / -D- from the air conditioner
compressor -A-.*
Note
♦ The design of the oil drain plug -B- / -D- and the seal -C- /
-E- varies (depending on the air conditioner compressor man‐
ufacturer).
♦ Pay attention to the tightening torque when fitting the oil drain
plug -B- / -D- (depends on the air conditioner compressor
manufacturer and the design of the oil drain plug) ⇒ Heating,
air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr.
87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
♦ On the „Denso“ or „Nippondenso“ air conditioner compressor,
the oil drain plug -D- is fitted with a sealing ring -E- for example;
always replace ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ On the „Sanden“ or „Zexel“ air conditioner compressor, the oil
drain plug -B- is fitted with an O-ring -C- for example; always
replace ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ To accelerate drainage of the refrigerant oil, crank the air con‐
ditioner compressor by way of the magnetic clutch plate for
example.
♦ Pour the old refrigerant oil out of the air conditioner compres‐
sor* (disposal ⇒ Audi-ServiceNet, HSO Environmental Pro‐
tection ).
♦ Then fill the air conditioner compressor with the quantity of
fresh refrigerant oil corresponding to the quantity of refrigerant
oil in the replacement compressor ⇒ page 164 .*
♦ Use different refrigerant oils and quantities for the various air
conditioner compressors ⇒ page 164 .
♦ To ensure air conditioner compressor lubrication on start-up,
at least 80 cm3 of refrigerant oil must be poured into the air
conditioner compressor. The remainder can be added for ex‐
ample to the new reservoir or receiver ⇒ page 164 .
♦ If dirt has ingressed into the air conditioner compressor with
the refrigerant circuit open (e.g. after an accident), the air con‐
ditioner compressor is to be replaced.
♦ Clean refrigerant circuit (flush with refrigerant R134a
⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed air or nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ).*
– Renew dryer cartridge, receiver* or reservoir* and restrictor.
– Assemble, evacuate and re-charge refrigerant circuit.
8.1.2 Leaking or damaged components (ex‐
cept air conditioner compressor, reser‐
voir or receiver)
Refrigerant circuit still contains refrigerant (e.g. minor leak)
– Discharge refrigerant circuit.
– Remove the defective component, blow out with compressed
air and collect the refrigerant oil escaping.
– The new component is to be filled with the amount of refriger‐
ant oil blown out (plus 20 cm3 for the evaporator, plus 10
cm3 for the condenser, refrigerant pipes and refrigerant hoses)
as fresh refrigerant oil fill.
139
8. Renewing components of refrigerant circuit