Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
vessel is not exceeded. To determine possible overfilling, the
charged vessels are to be checked gravimetrically on calibra‐
ted scales or volumetrically, provided that the compressed
gases are not highly toxic. Volumetric checking requires the
use of appropriate equipment with completely separate charg‐
ing and checking devices.
♦ Charging and check measurements must be performed by
different people. Check measurements must be performed
immediately upon completion of the filling process.
♦ Overfilled vessels must be discharged immediately and safely
until the permissible filling quantity is reached. The com‐
pressed-gas fill must then be determined again.
♦ Items 4 to 7 do not apply to vessels for liquefied, extremely
low-temperature compressed gases which are neither flam‐
mable nor toxic; this does not affect the provisions of road
traffic legislation.
♦ When filling compressed gas vessels with liquified gases at
charging temperatures ≤ -20 °C, the compressed gas vessel
(if the vessel material has not been tested for temperatures ≤
-20 °C) is not to be released from the charging system for
transportation until the vessel wall temperature is ≥ +20 °C.
Recycling and refuse law
♦ Regulations and rules for the handling and disposal of refrig‐
erants and refrigerant oils can be found in the climate protec‐
tion regulation on chemicals and in the recycling and refuse
law (applicable in Germany, different regulations and rules
may apply in other countries).
Disposal of refrigerant
Refrigerants intended for disposal are to be transferred to marked
recycling containers, observing the permissible filling quantity. In
Germany, reference should be made for example to the climate
protection regulation on chemicals and the recycling and refuse
law (different regulations and rules may apply in other countries).
Disposal of refrigerant oil
Used refrigerant oils from systems employing halogenated hy‐
drocarbons are to be disposed of as waste requiring special
monitoring. They are not to be mixed with other oils or substan‐
ces. Proper storage and disposal must be ensured in line with
local regulations. In Germany, reference should be made for ex‐
ample to the climate protection regulation on chemicals and the
recycling and refuse law (different regulations and rules may ap‐
ply in other countries) ⇒ Audi-ServiceNet, HSO Environmental
Protection .
♦ Conversion of an R12 refrigerant circuit to an R134a refriger‐
ant circuit and servicing (retrofit) ⇒ page 44
♦ Keeping refrigerant records ⇒ page 44
43
3. Laws and regulations