Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ There is a possibility of refrigerant oil being extracted from the
refrigerant circuit together with the refrigerant. To ensure air
conditioner compressor lubrication, the refrigerant oil in the
circuit must be topped up with fresh oil ⇒ page 144 .
♦ On vehicles fitted with an air conditioner compressor with no
magnetic clutch (with an air conditioner compressor regulating
valve -N280- ), the engine should not be run for longer than
absolutely necessary with the refrigerant circuit empty and
high engine speeds are to be avoided (constant air conditioner
compressor operation).
♦ On vehicles with an air conditioner compressor with no mag‐
netic clutch, the engine is only to be started following complete
assembly of the refrigerant circuit (avoid high engine speeds).
♦ Depending on the version of the air conditioner compressor,
the high-pressure end of the air conditioner compressor may
be fitted with a valve to prevent the backflow of liquid refriger‐
ant into the compressor after switching off the air conditioning
system. If an air conditioner compressor with this valve is fitted
on a vehicle with a refrigerant circuit with an expansion valve,
a relatively long period may elapse before the pressure on the
high-pressure end decreases (the expansion valve is cold and
the pressure on the low-pressure end increases rapidly after
switch-off, the expansion valve closes and the refrigerant can
only flow slowly to the low-pressure end). If the air conditioner
compressor is switched on (or the refrigerant circuit is dis‐
charged via the low-pressure end), the pressure on the low-
pressure end decreases, the expansion valve opens and the
refrigerant can flow to the low-pressure end.
4.3.4 Evacuating refrigerant circuit with air
conditioner service station
• The work procedure must always be performed as described
in the operating instructions of the air conditioner service sta‐
tion.
• Quantity of refrigerant oil in refrigerant circuit checked and if
necessary corrected ⇒ page 144 .
• Quantity of refrigerant in air conditioner service station
checked
The refrigerant circuit must be evacuated before it is filled with
refrigerant. Moisture is also extracted from the circuit.
Leaks can be detected on evacuating the refrigerant circuit.
Evacuating:
Caution
♦ Do not start the engine during the evacuating procedure
and while there is a vacuum in the refrigerant circuit.
♦ The air conditioner compressor may be damaged if the
engine is started whilst there is a vacuum in the refrigerant
circuit.
♦ Always charge the refrigerant circuit before starting the
engine.
– Switch off ignition.
49
4. Refrigerant circuit