Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
2.2.1 Air conditioner compressor
The air conditioner compressor is driven by the engine via a poly
V-belt or a drive shaft.
Air conditioner compressor with magnetic clutch:
An electromagnetic clutch attached to the air conditioner com‐
pressor provides the power link between the pulley and the com‐
pressor crankshaft when the air conditioning system is switched
on.
Air conditioner compressor with no magnetic clutch:
An overload safeguard attached to the pulley or fitted in the drive
unit of the air conditioner compressor is triggered if the air condi‐
tioner compressor is not running smoothly in order to protect the
belt drive against overload.
The air conditioner compressor draws in refrigerant gas from the
evaporator, compresses it and conveys it to the condenser.
Note
♦ The air conditioner compressor contains refrigerant oil which
mixes with refrigerant R134a at all temperatures.
♦ The rating plate indicates the refrigerant for which the air con‐
ditioner compressor is designed. A valve regulates the pres‐
sure on the low-pressure side within the specified range
(control characteristic).
♦ A regulating valve is actuated externally on air conditioner
compressors with no magnetic clutch.
♦ On air conditioner compressors with no magnetic clutch, the
engine is only to be started following complete assembly of the
refrigerant circuit.
♦ To prevent air conditioner compressor damage if the refriger‐
ant circuit is empty, the magnetic clutch is deactivated and the
air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- no longer
actuated (air conditioner compressor idles with engine).
♦ If the refrigerant circuit is empty, an air conditioner compressor
with no air conditioning system magnetic clutch -N25- (with air
conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- ) is switched
to internal lubrication by way of a valve.
♦ Depending on the version of the air conditioner compressor,
the high-pressure end of the air conditioner compressor may
be fitted with a valve to prevent the backflow of liquid refriger‐
ant into the compressor after switching off the air conditioning
system. If an air conditioner compressor with this valve is fitted
on a vehicle with a refrigerant circuit with an expansion valve,
a relatively long period may elapse before the pressure on the
high-pressure end decreases (the expansion valve is cold and
the pressure on the low-pressure end increases rapidly after
switch-off, the expansion valve closes and the refrigerant can
only flow slowly to the low-pressure end). If the air conditioner
compressor is switched on, the pressure on the low-pressure
end decreases, the expansion valve opens and the refrigerant
can flow to the low-pressure end.
18
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system