Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦
♦ There are different versions -A- and -D- of the quick-release
couplings. With both versions of these quick-release cou‐
plings, the refrigerant lines -C- can be released in the identical
manner using the air conditioner line release tool -T40149/1-
for example and removed.
♦ With the quick-release coupling -A- fitted at the start of pro‐
duction, the pins -B- become visible after fitting the refrigerant
line -C- if the locked refrigerant line -C- is pulled in arrow di‐
rection.
♦ With the quick-release coupling -A- to be gradually introduced
as of Model Year 2010, the refrigerant line -C- is fitted in the
same manner as for the quick-release coupling -A-. If, with this
version, the refrigerant line -C- is pulled in arrow direction fol‐
lowing assembly, the snap ring -E- emerges from the quick-
release coupling -D- to show that the retaining ring -F- and the
refrigerant line -C- are fully locked. The snap ring -E- is then
to be detached from the refrigerant line -C-.
2.2.10 O-rings
These rings seal the joints between the individual components of
the refrigerant circuit.
Only O-rings resistant to R134a refrigerant and the related refrig‐
erant oils are to be used. This is guaranteed if genuine replace‐
ment parts are used.
O-rings:
– Use only once.
– Observe correct diameters -a- and -b-.
– Moisten with refrigerant oil before fitting ⇒ Heating, air condi‐
tioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-
specific workshop manual) and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Note
The colour coding of O-rings for R134a refrigerant circuits has
been discontinued. Use is made of black and coloured O-rings ⇒
Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific work‐
shop manual).
2.2.11 Pipes and hoses of refrigerant circuit
The mixture of refrigerant oil and refrigerant R134a corrodes cer‐
tain metals (e.g. copper) and alloys and dissolves certain hose
materials. Therefore, always use genuine replacement parts.
The pipes and hoses are held together by bolted joints or by way
of special connectors.
Note
Observe specified torques for bolted joints and use the specified
release tools for connectors.
24
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system