Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
The pressure in the refrigerant circuit is lower than indicated in
the table.
Not enough refrigerant in circuit
– Determine refrigerant circuit leaks ⇒ page 87 .
– Check the pressure relief valve.
If the pressure relief valve has responded:
– Check actuation of the radiator fans.
– Check for constricted refrigerant pipe and hose cross-sections
caused by inadequate bending radii.
– Check refrigerant pipes and hoses for external damage.
– If no fault is found, clean refrigerant circuit (flush with refriger‐
ant R134a ⇒ page 59 or blow out with compressed air and
nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
The pressure in the refrigerant circuit corresponds to that indica‐
ted in the table or is higher.
– Start engine.
– Set air conditioning system to maximum cooling output.
Note
On vehicles with an air conditioner compressor regulating valve -
N280- , the control current can be read out in the measured value
block ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided
fault-finding“ function for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air con‐
ditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-
specific workshop manual).
If the air conditioner compressor is not driven when the engine is
running or the regulating valve is not actuated:
– Establish and eliminate the cause e.g. by interrogating the air
conditioner event recorder.
– Observe test requirements.
– Check the power supply for the air conditioning system mag‐
netic clutch -N25- . If this is OK, service the magnetic clutch.
– Check actuation of the air conditioner compressor regulating
valve -N280- ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or
„guided fault-finding“ function for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heat‐
ing, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep.
gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
Note
♦ If low-pressure switch has been removed to connect air con‐
ditioner service station, jumper electrical connections in rele‐
vant connector for pressure measurement.
♦ The air conditioner compressor is driven by the engine via the
air conditioning system magnetic clutch -N25- .
♦ The air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- is ac‐
tuated by the operating and display unit for Climatronic air
conditioning system -E87- or the Climatronic control unit -
J255- ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester ( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided
fault-finding“ function for air conditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87
(vehicle-specific workshop manual).
107
7. Checking pressures