Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
1.13 Safety measures for working on vehi‐
cles with air conditioning system and for
handling refrigerant R134a
WARNING
♦ It is advisable to keep an eye bath to hand.
♦ Should liquid refrigerant come into contact with the eyes,
rinse them thoroughly with water for about 15 minutes.
Then administer eye drops and consult a doctor immedi‐
ately even if no pain is felt.
♦ The doctor must be informed that the frostbite was caused
by refrigerant R134a. Should refrigerant come into contact
with other parts of the body despite compliance with the
safety regulations, these must likewise be rinsed immedi‐
ately for approximately 15 minutes with cold water.
♦ Work may only be performed on the refrigerant circuit of
an air conditioning system in well ventilated areas. Switch
on workshop extraction systems, if available.
♦ Refrigerant must not be stored in low-level areas (e.g. cel‐
lars) and their exits or light wells.
• Welding, brazing and soldering work must not be performed
on components of air conditioning system when charged. This
also applies to vehicle welding and soldering work if there is a
danger of air conditioner components becoming hot. When
performing paintwork repairs, the temperature in the drying
booth or preheating zone must not exceed 80 °C.
Reason:
Exposure to heat gives rise to considerable pressure in the sys‐
tem, which could cause the pressure relief valve to open.
Remedy:
– Discharge refrigerant circuit using air conditioner service sta‐
tion.
Note
Damaged or leaking components of the air conditioning system
are not to be repaired by welding or soldering. They must always
be replaced.
Refrigerant vessels (e.g. charging cylinders of air conditioner
service station) must never be subjected to excessive heat or ex‐
posed to direct sunlight.
Remedy:
– Vessels must never be completely filled with liquid refrigerant.
Without sufficient room for expansion (gas cushion), vessels
will rupture with explosive effect in the event of an increase in
temperature ⇒ page 5 .
Refrigerant should never be poured into systems or vessels con‐
taining any air.
Remedy:
– Evacuate systems and containers before charging with refrig‐
erant.
13
1. General information on air conditioning systems