Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ The replacement compressor contains a certain quantity of
refrigerant oil (at present 130+ / - 10 cm3 ). This quantity of
refrigerant oil currently corresponds to the quantity of oil speci‐
fied for this refrigerant circuit on vehicles with one and two
evaporators. At present, vehicles with two evaporators are fil‐
led with the same amount of oil as vehicles with one evapo‐
rator. On account of the longer refrigerant lines and the second
evaporator, no greater quantity of refrigerant oil is currently
required in the refrigerant circuit on this vehicle. With this ve‐
hicle, the design of the refrigerant circuit means that only a
small proportion of the refrigerant oil passes into the refriger‐
ant lines to the second evaporator and into the second evap‐
orator during air conditioner operation. If the air conditioner
compressor is replaced after cleaning the refrigerant circuit, it
is therefore not necessary on vehicles with two evaporators to
pour additional refrigerant oil into the refrigerant circuit. If the
air conditioner compressor is replaced without having to clean
the refrigerant circuit, the quantity of refrigerant oil in the new
air conditioner compressor to be fitted should be adjusted in
line with the quantity of oil poured out of the old compressor
⇒ page 136 .
♦ The different oil quantities in the air conditioner compressor
may result from the design of the air conditioner compressor
(with or without oil separator at high-pressure connection) or,
in the case of identical air conditioner compressors, from the
design of the refrigerant circuit. Attention is to be paid to these
oil quantities. Too much oil in the circuit results in higher pres‐
sures and reduced system cooling output. Too little oil may
lead to lubrication problems in the air conditioner compressor.
♦ As replacement air conditioner compressors are supplied with
different oil capacities, the exact part number must be heeded
⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ Too much oil in the circuit results in higher pressures and re‐
duced air conditioner cooling output. Too little oil may lead to
lubrication problems in the air conditioner compressor. The
specified refrigerant oil quantities are therefore to be heeded.
♦ The air conditioner compressor may have been fitted at the
factory with a rating plate indicating the part number and the
quantity of refrigerant oil in the air conditioner compressor.
9.2.20 Capacities for Audi Q7 (4L_) 2006 ►
Characteristics of refrigerant circuit:
• Expansion valve
• With one or two evaporator(s) depending on equipment
• Dryer cartridge in receiver at condenser
• „Denso“ air conditioner compressor with air conditioner com‐
pressor regulating valve -N280- ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr.
87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual) and ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue
185
9. Capacities for refrigerant R134a, refrigerant oil and approved refrigerant oils