Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ The flushing operation is to be performed in line with the op‐
erating instructions for the air conditioner service station.
♦ Depending on the version of the air conditioner service station,
the used oil container may only hold approx. 125 cm3 of re‐
frigerant oil. If a system with a larger refrigerant oil quantity is
to be flushed, it may be necessary to empty the used oil con‐
tainer after the first flushing operation in a flushing cycle.
♦ Observe the refrigerant flowing back out of the refrigerant cir‐
cuit into the air conditioner service station. Refrigerant circuit
cleaning has not been completed until the refrigerant flowing
through the inspection port of the refrigerant circuit flushing
attachment into the air conditioner service station is clear and
completely colourless.
♦ During flushing, the entire refrigerant oil is rinsed out of the
refrigerant circuit (with the exception of slight residue in the
evaporator, for example; this can however be ignored).
♦ In the case of extremely severe contamination, it may be nec‐
essary to perform flushing twice (two flushing cycles with three
flushing operations each).
Sequence of flushing operation (sequence takes place automat‐
ically in line with air conditioner service station program)
♦ After switch-on, the flushing circuit (refrigerant circuit with con‐
necting hoses and refrigerant circuit flushing attachment) is
initially evacuated and the refrigerant circuit checked for leaks
(depending on the version of the air conditioner service sta‐
tion, manual switching to next step may be necessary).
♦ A specified quantity of refrigerant (e.g. 5 kg) is added to the
evacuated refrigerant circuit via the high-pressure end of the
air conditioner service station (in the direction opposite to the
normal flow direction during air conditioner operation and thus
on the low-pressure end of the vehicle refrigerant circuit) or
refrigerant is added until the refrigerant circuit and the inspec‐
tion ports of the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment have
been completely filled with liquid refrigerant (depending on the
version of the air conditioner service station, the system de‐
tects that there has been no further inflow of refrigerant over
a certain period for example).
♦ Once the specified quantity of refrigerant has been added, the
heater of the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment may be
switched on for example depending on the version of the air
conditioner service station and the refrigerant circuit flushing
attachment (only if the refrigerant is extracted in gaseous form
from the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment).
♦ After the refrigerant has been extracted, the heater of the re‐
frigerant circuit flushing attachment is switched off (if fitted).
Depending on the version, the refrigerant circuit may be briefly
evacuated again and, following evacuation, the refrigerant oil
extracted from the refrigerant circuit is separated by the air
conditioner service station.
♦ The refrigerant charging, extraction (and evacuation) process
is repeated twice (in other words it is implemented a total of
three times).
♦ Following extraction for the third time, the flushing circuit is
evacuated depending on the version of the air conditioner
service station.
65
4. Refrigerant circuit