Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ A major leak can be determined for example by building up a
pressure of max. 15 bar in the refrigerant circuit with pure, dry
compressed air or with nitrogen ⇒ page 55 . If the leak is of
sufficient magnitude, the leakage location will be revealed by
the noise of the gas escaping.
♦ Apply the compressed air or the nitrogen to the closed refrig‐
erant circuit by way of the service connection to which a quick-
release coupling adapter for service connections has been
attached.
♦ The quick-release coupling adapter for service connections
can be connected to the workshop compressed air system
using for example a modified charging hose -A- (e.g. with a
5/8"-18 UNF thread, depending on the thread at the quick-re‐
lease coupling adapter) and an appropriate adapter -B-
⇒ page 195 . To prevent the ingress of moisture, oil and dirt
from the workshop compressed air system into the air condi‐
tioner refrigerant circuit, additional use is to be made for ex‐
ample of a combined fine filter unit for compressed air systems
(oil, dirt and water separator as used for painting facilities),
which is to be fitted between the compressed air system and
the charging hose -A- ⇒ Workshop equipment catalogue .
♦ By using a pressure gauge set with pressure reducer for ni‐
trogen (maximum reducing pressure: 15 bar) -1-, a com‐
pressed air cylinder -3- filled with nitrogen can be connected
by way of a charging hose -2- (e.g. with a 5/8"-18 UNF thread)
to the service connection (to which a quick-release coupling
adapter for service connections has been attache d ) at the
closed refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 194 .
– Slowly increase the pressure in the refrigerant circuit to max.
15 bar.
WARNING
♦ Maximum permissible operating pressure 15 bar
♦ For leak detection with nitrogen always work with pressure
reducers for nitrogen cylinders.
– Determine the leakage location by way of the noise caused by
the escaping gas at this point.
– Eliminate the leakage.
– Evacuate and again observe the vacuum display over a period
of hours. Charging may only be carried out if vacuum is main‐
tained.
♦ In the event of a leakage of a magnitude permitting the ingress
of no or very little air and the air conditioner service station can
generate an adequate vacuum. The vacuum display does not
increase or only increases very slowly after switching off the
air conditioner service station, indicating that air is only in‐
gressing and vacuum is being lost through a minor leak.
– Pour 100 g of refrigerant into the circuit and use an electronic
leak detector to locate and eliminate any leak ⇒ page 88 or
pour in refrigerant with UV contrast medium and use the leak
detection system VAS 6201 to search for and eliminate the
leak in the refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 89 .
– Discharge the refrigerant circuit if necessary ⇒ page 48 .
52
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system