Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ If there is no suitable adapter for the expansion valve in the
VW/Audi passenger vehicle adapter set -VAS 6338/1- , the
expansion valve removed can also be drilled open (the old
expansion valve generally has to be replaced and is therefore
no longer needed).
♦ Before drilling open, remove the control element and then drill
open the expansion valve using a suitable drill bit for example
(bit diameter e.g. 6.0 mm).
♦ There are different expansion valve versions with differing de‐
sign. With version -A-, the parts -B-, -C- and -D- have to be
removed for example. Then separate part -E- (control ele‐
ment) from part -D-. After doing so, use a suitable bit to drill
open the expansion valve in area -F-.
♦ With version -G-, the parts -H-, -I- and -K- must be removed
for example and the area -L- then drilled open using a suitable
bit.
– Remove swarf remnants from the expansion valve after drilling
open.
– Re-install the parts -B-, -C- and -D- with version -A- or part
-H- with version -G-.
Note
On vehicles with two evaporators, the circuit to the second evap‐
orator is to be separated from the circuit of the first evaporator
and flushed in a separate operation ⇒ page 71 , ⇒ Heating, air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (ve‐
hicle-specific workshop manual).
Flushing
– Check the amount of refrigerant in the air conditioner service
station, it must contain at least 7 kg of refrigerant R134a.
Note
If applicable, switch on the heater attached to the air conditioner
service station for the refrigerant cylinder installed in the air con‐
ditioner service station prior to the first flushing operation (to
increase the pressure in the refrigerant cylinder) and switch it off
again before the first extraction operation during the flushing cy‐
cle.
– Discharge the used oil container of the air conditioner service
station.
– Connect the supply hose (high-pressure end) of the air con‐
ditioner service station with an adapter to the low-pressure
pipe to the air conditioner compressor (pipe with larger diam‐
eter) ⇒ page 71 .
– Connect the return hose (low-pressure or suction end) of the
air conditioner service station to the outlet of the refrigerant
circuit flushing attachment.
– Connect the inlet of the refrigerant circuit flushing attachment
with an adapter to the high-pressure pipe to the air conditioner
compressor (pipe with smaller diameter) ⇒ page 71 .
63
4. Refrigerant circuit