Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
3 Laws and regulations
Note
The laws and regulations listed below are applicable in Germany.
Different or additional laws and regulations may apply in other
countries.
♦ Laws and regulations ⇒ page 40
3.1 Laws and regulations
Nowadays the effects of climate change can be seen throughout
the world. Climate protection is thus one of the most important
problems to be tackled. Solving this problem does however rep‐
resent an enormous challenge for everybody.
One aspect of the Kyoto protocol is the definition of the worldwide
climate protection targets. This protocol contains reduction tar‐
gets both for carbon dioxide and fluorinated greenhouse gases,
e.g. for the refrigerant R134a on account of the high greenhouse
potential.
A number of laws of relevance to the automobile industry have
been passed at European level for example. In Germany for ex‐
ample, the climate protection regulation on chemicals additionally
came into force on 1st August 2008 to set down the European
legislation more precisely.
♦ Regulation (EC) no. 2037/2000
♦ Regulation (EC) no. 842/2006
♦ Regulation (EC) no. 706/2007
♦ Regulation (EC) no. 307/2008
♦ Directive 2006/40/EC
♦ Climate protection regulation on chemicals, recycling and re‐
fuse law (for Germany).
Maintenance and repair work on air conditioner refrigerant circuits
Anyone performing maintenance and repair w ork on motor vehi‐
cle air conditioning systems must have received the relevant
instruction or attended a training course and be able to furnish
certification of the appropriate qualifications. Other or additional
regulations may apply in countries outside the European Com‐
munity.
The following is however generally applicable:
Operation, maintenance, shutdown, obligation to accept return
♦ With regard to the operation, repair and shutdown of items
containing refrigerants, it is prohibited to contravene the state
of the art by allowing the substances contained in these to
escape into the atmosphere.
♦ A record should be kept of the quantities used during operation
and for maintenance work ⇒ Audi-ServiceNet, HSO Environ‐
mental Protection to be able to submit certification of use to
the relevant authorities on request. According to a regulation
of the European parliament from 2005, it is no longer neces‐
sary to keep a record sheet in the EC. Other regulations may
apply in countries not belonging to the EC.
♦ Distributors of the substances and preparations listed in the
above-mentioned regulations are obliged to take back such
40
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system