Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ In the event of a very high cooling output requirement (e.g.
high ambient temperature and high fresh-air blower speed at
low engine speed), the air conditioner compressor cannot in‐
itially set the pressure on the low-pressure end to the value
-C- given in the graph (e.g. for a certain time after switching
on the air conditioner). The air conditioner compressor is ac‐
tuated with the maximum specified control current, however
the delivery volume of the air conditioner compressor is no
longer sufficient under these ambient conditions and at this
engine speed to reduce the pressure on the low-pressure end
to the value in the graph. One way of checking the control ac‐
tion of the air conditioner compressor under these conditions
is to actuate the fresh-air blower with only approx. 40 % of the
maximum voltage and to check the pressures at reduced
fresh-air blower speed ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester ( „self-di‐
agnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ function for air conditioner)
and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air condi‐
tioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
♦ Under unfavourable conditions (very high ambient tempera‐
tures, high humidity), the pressure on the high-pressure end
may increase up to max. 29 bar.
♦ The control current -B- is displayed in the measured value
block of the operating and display unit for Climatronic air con‐
ditioning system -E87- or the operating and display unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- .
♦ The pressure in the refrigerant circuit measured by the high-
pressure sender -G65- or the refrigerant pressure and tem‐
perature sender -G395- is displayed in the measured value
block of the operating and display unit for Climatronic air con‐
ditioning system -E87- or the operating and display unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester ( „self-
diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ function for air conditioner)
and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air condi‐
tioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
♦ The low pressure settles as a function of the control current
for the air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280-
within the air conditioner compressor output range in the tol‐
erance band.
♦ Under unfavourable conditions (very high ambient tempera‐
tures, high humidity), the air conditioner compressor output
may not always be sufficient to attain the specified value.
♦ If the compressor capacity utilisation is greater than 90 %, the
pressure on the low-pressure end may be in excess of the
tolerance range „C“ shown in the graph (the compressor out‐
put no longer suffices).
♦ The specified operating current for the regulating valve must
be greater than 0.3 A to ensure reliable actuation of the regu‐
lating valve.
♦ At absolute pressure, „0 bar“ corresponds to an absolute vac‐
uum. Normal ambient pressure corresponds to 1 bar absolute.
On the scales of most pressure gauges, 0 bar corresponds to
an absolute pressure of one bar (can be seen from „-1 bar“
mark below „0“).
♦ In the "maximum cooling output" setting, the control current is
regulated to approx. 0.65 (vehicle-specific up to 0.85 A) (dis‐
played in measured value block) ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic tester
( „self-diagnosis“ or „guided fault-finding“ function for air con‐
ditioner) and ⇒ Heating, air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒ Air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 (vehicle-specific workshop manual).
121
7. Checking pressures