Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Possible deviation from specification Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
• High pressure does not increase ♦ No actuation of the air condi‐ – Check actuation and drive of the
or only to slightly above the pres‐ tioner compressor (magnetic air conditioner compressor and
sure with the engine stopped, clutch). perform repair ⇒ Heating, air
conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 or ⇒
• low pressure does not decrease ♦ The air conditioner compressor Air conditioning; Rep. gr. 87 .
or only slightly. is not driven.
• Required cooling output is not at‐
tained
♦ Constriction or blockage in the – Clean refrigerant circuit (flush
refrigerant circuit (e.g. in the re‐ with refrigerant R134a
frigerant pipe between the ⇒ page 59 or blow out with com‐
„low-pressure end“ service pressed air and nitrogen
connection and the air condi‐ ⇒ page 55 ).
tioner compressor).
– Renew hose or pipe if kinked or
constricted.
♦ Air conditioner compressor de‐ – Replace the air conditioner com‐
fective. pressor.
Possible deviation from specification Possible causes of fault Fault elimination
• High pressure increases above Constriction or obstruction in re‐ – Run hand over refrigerant circuit
specification frigerant circuit to check for differences in tem‐
perature
• Low pressure quickly drops to
value in graph or below • If difference in temperature is
found at one component:
• Required cooling output is not at‐
tained – Renew hose or pipe if kinked or
constricted.
– In the event of clogging, clean
refrigerant circuit (flush with re‐
frigerant R134a ⇒ page 59 or
blow out with compressed air
and nitrogen ⇒ page 55 ).
• If no fault is found:
– Clean the refrigerant circuit
(flush with refrigerant R134a
⇒ page 59 or blow out with com‐
pressed air and nitrogen
⇒ page 55 ).
• High and low pressure normal at Moisture in refrigerant circuit – Check and if necessary replace
first reservoir (with dryer) and re‐
strictor, then evacuate refriger‐
• After some time, high pressure ant circuit for min. 3 hours (see
increases above specification note)
and
• Low pressure drops to value in
– Clean the refrigerant circuit
(flush with refrigerant R134a
graph or below
⇒ page 59 or blow out with com‐
• Required cooling output is no lon‐ pressed air and nitrogen
ger attained ⇒ page 55 ).
• High and low pressure normal at
first
• After lengthy operating period,
low pressure drops excessively
(evaporator ices up)
110
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system