Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
Note
♦ Audi does not permit the use of chemical substances (sealing
additives) to seal leaks in the refrigerant circuit.
♦ Chemical substances (sealing additives) for sealing leaks in
the refrigerant circuit generally react with the ambient air or the
humidity contained in it. They cause malfunctioning of valves
and other components with which they come into contact on
account of deposits in the refrigerant circuit (and in the air
conditioner service station being used). These deposits can‐
not be completely removed from the components affected
(even by flushing). The refrigerant circuit can therefore only be
repaired by replacing all the components which have come
into contact with this substance.
♦ Chemical substances (sealing additives) for sealing leaks in
the refrigerant circuit are normally not outwardly apparent and
the identification stickers which should be affixed for this pur‐
pose are usually non-existent. Vehicles with an unknown his‐
tory should therefore be treated with due caution.
• The best way of removing moisture, impurities (e.g. abrasion
from a defective air conditioner compressor) and old refriger‐
ant oil without any unnecessary loss of refrigerant and without
extensive assembly work, whilst at the same time ensuring
environmental compatibility, is to flush the refrigerant circuit
with refrigerant R134a.
The refrigerant circuit is to be flushed:
– In there is any dirt or similar in the circuit.
– If the vacuum reading is not maintained on evacuating a leak-
free refrigerant circuit (pressure build-up due to moisture in
refrigerant circuit)
– If the refrigerant circuit has been left open for longer than the
normal assembly time (e.g. following an accident)
– If pressure and temperature measurements in the refrigerant
circuit indicate the likelihood of moisture
– If there are doubts about the amount of refrigerant oil in the
refrigerant circuit
– If the air conditioner compressor has to be replaced on ac‐
count of internal damage (e.g. noise or no output)
– If stipulated by the vehicle-specific Workshop Manual after re‐
newing certain components
Tools required
♦ Air conditioner service station with flushing attachment (these
air conditioner service stations feature the additional function
„Flushing refrigerant circuit“ and the necessary flushing at‐
tachment for refrigerant circuits) ⇒ Workshop equipment and
special tools catalogue
♦ Adapter set for refrigerant circuits -VAS 6338/1- ⇒ page 71
and ⇒ Workshop equipment and special tools catalogue
♦
60
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system