Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
4.6.2 Tracing leaks in refrigerant circuit with
leak detection system VAS 6201
Note
♦ Certain leaks are difficult or even impossible to find using an
electronic leak detector. In such cases, the leak detection sys‐
tem VAS 6201 can be used.
♦ Refrigerant circuit leaks result in a loss of refrigerant oil to‐
gether with the refrigerant. This oil generally remains in the
vicinity of the leak location. Adding a small quantity of fluores‐
cent fluid to the refrigerant circuit makes this oil visible under
UV light. The fluid (PAG oil containing an additive which shows
up under UV light) is poured into the refrigerant circuit and
becomes distributed with the refrigerant oil when the air con‐
ditioner is switched on.
♦ The air conditioner must be operated for at least 60 min. to
distribute the a dditive throughout the refrigerant circuit (the air
conditioner compressor must run). Depending on the extent of
the leak, the leakage location may already become visible un‐
der UV light within this period.
♦ The refrigerant oil containing the additive (which shows up un‐
der UV light) can either be poured directly into the open circuit
or pumped in with the circuit charged using the hand pump
VAS 6201/1 (from the leak detection system VAS 6201) via
the service connection on the low-pressure end.
♦ If the leak detection additive is applied via the service con‐
nection in the low-pressure side with the refrigerant circuit
charged, a small quantity of additive remains in the service
connection. This is to be carefully removed so as to avoid
subsequent erroneous leak detection.
♦ If a component forming part of a circuit, into which the leak
detection additive has been poured, has to be renewed, thor‐
oughly clean joints with other components after assembling
refrigerant circuit. Otherwise, the residual leak detection ad‐
ditive at the joint could be erroneously identified as a leakage
location during subsequent leak localisation.
♦ On discharging the refrigerant circuit, refrigerant oil and thus
also leak detection additive ingresses into the air conditioner
service station. The refrigerant oil is removed from the refrig‐
erant in the oil separator of the air conditioner service station
and discharged from the air conditioner service station via the
drain. The refrigerant oil drained off is not to be poured back
in. It is to be replaced with fresh refrigerant oil.
♦ Heed the following if leak detection fluid has already been
poured into a refrigerant circuit in the course of previous repair
work: Only pour in fresh leak detection fluid if the refrigerant
oil is replaced. If only a certain amount of refrigerant oil has
been replaced, just add the corresponding quantity of leak de‐
tection fluid. After replacing 100 ml of refrigerant oil on a
vehicle containing 250 ml for example, just add 1 ml (cm3 ) of
leak detection additive.
♦ Certain materials and their compounds (e.g. oxidation prod‐
ucts on aluminium components, anti-corrosion waxes) also
show up under UV light.
89
4. Refrigerant circuit