Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
R134a. In addition, the materials of the R134a air conditioning
system could be corroded as a result of mixture flowing through
the refrigerant circuit under pressure at high temperatures or
breakdown of the lubricating film in the air conditioner compres‐
sor. The use of non-approved oils can lead to the failure of the air
conditioning system; exclusive use is therefore to be made of au‐
thorised oils.
⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
Type of oil for R134a in motor vehicles: PAG. (polyalkylene glycol)
Note
♦ Do not store refrigerant oils in open containers as they are
extremely hygroscopic (water-absorbing).
♦ Always keep oil containers sealed.
♦ Do not re-use old refrigerant oil. It must be disposed of as used
oil of unknown origin ⇒ Audi-ServiceNet, HSO Environmental
Protection .
♦ Ester-based oils are only intended for use with large systems
(not for motor vehicle air conditioners).
♦ Properties of refrigerant oil ⇒ page 8
1.6.1 Properties of refrigerant oil
The most important properties are a high degree of solubility with
refrigerant, good lubricity, absence of acid and minimal water
content. It is therefore only permissible to use certain specified
oils. For a list of approved refrigerant oils and capacities, refer to
⇒ page 164 .
PAG oils, which are appropriate for refrigerant R134a, are highly
hygroscopic and do not mix with other oils. Opened containers
should therefore be closed again immediately to prevent ingress
of moisture. Moisture and acids promote the ageing of refrigerant
oil, causing it to become dark, viscous and corrosive towards
metals.
Note
♦ On account of its chemical properties, the refrigerant oil is not
to be disposed of together with engine or gear oil. Refrigerant
oil must be disposed of as used oil of unknown origin ⇒ Audi-
ServiceNet, HSO Environmental Protection .
♦ Only oil approved for the air conditioner compressor is to be
used for refrigerant circuits containing refrigerant R134a ⇒
Electronic parts catalogue and capacities ⇒ page 164 .
1.7 How air conditioning works
The temperature in the passenger compartment depends on the
amount of heat radiated into the vehicle through the windows and
conducted by the metal parts of the body. In hot weather some of
the heat must be pumped off to achieve a more comfortable tem‐
perature for the occupants.
As heat spreads into cooler areas, the passenger compartment
is fitted with a unit for generating low temperatures in which re‐
frigerant is constantly evaporated. The heat required for this is
extracted from the air flowing through the evaporator.
After absorbing heat, the refrigerant is pumped off through the air
conditioner compressor. The work of compression of the air con‐
8
Rep. gr.87 - Air conditioning system