Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a - Edition 06.2010
4.3.8 Discharging air conditioner service sta‐
tion
Note
♦ If it is necessary to drain the air conditioner service station (e.g.
due to extraction of contaminated refrigerant), all filters and
dryers must always be replaced (do not remove filter and dryer
from the air-tight packaging until immediately before installa‐
tion to minimise moisture absorption).
♦ Refrigerant containers filled with contaminated used refriger‐
ant are referred to as „Recycling containers“.
♦ Always evacuate recycling containers before initial filling with
refrigerant (if there is air in a refrigerant container it is not to
be filled with refrigerant).
♦ Do not mix various types of refrigerant (refrigerant mixtures
cannot be recycled and must be disposed of). If there is any
doubt about the composition of the contents of the container,
the refrigerant recycling company must be informed.
Caution
♦ When filling recycling containers (compressed-gas ves‐
sels), observe the applicable regulations, technical rules
and laws.
♦ Recycling containers must never be overfilled. The gas
cushion in overfilled recycling containers is not sufficient
to absorb the liquid expansion caused by the influence of
heat. There is a risk of rupturing.
♦ To ensure safety, make exclusive use of recycling con‐
tainers fitted with a safety valve.
♦ Recycling containers must be weighed on calibrated
scales during the filling process. The maximum permissi‐
ble capacity is 75 % (charge factor 0.75) of the charge
weight indicated on the recycling container (the possibility
of refrigerant oil entering the recycling container along with
the refrigerant cannot be ruled out).
4.4 Blowing out refrigerant circuit with com‐
pressed air and nitrogen
The best way of removing moisture, impurities and old refrigerant
oil from the refrigerant circuit without any unnecessary loss of re‐
frigerant and without extensive assembly work, whilst at the same
time ensuring environmental compatibility, is to flush the refriger‐
ant circuit with refrigerant R134a or to blow it out with compressed
air and nitrogen.
55
4. Refrigerant circuit