lareneG
noitamrofnI
• Some cars are equipped with a Supplemental Restraint System
(SRS) that automatically deploys airbags and pyrotechnic seat
belt tensioners in the event of a frontal or side impact. These
are explosive devices. Handled improperly or without adequate
safeguards, they can be accidentally activated and cause
serious injury.
• The ignition system produces high voltages that can be fatal.
Avoid contact with exposed terminals and use extreme care
when working on a car with the engine running or the ignition on.
• Place jack stands only at locations specified by manufacturer.
The vehicle lifting jack supplied with the vehicle is intended for
tire changes only. Use a heavy duty floor jack to lift the vehicle
before installing jack stands.
• Battery acid (electrolyte) can cause severe burns. Flush contact
area with water, seek medical attention.
• Aerosol cleaners and solvents may contain hazardous or deadly
vapors and are highly flammable. Use only in a well ventilated
area. Do not use on hot surfaces (such as engines or brakes).
• Do not remove coolant reservoir or radiator cap with the engine
hot. Burns and engine damage may occur.
CAUTIonS
• If you lack the skills, tools and equipment, or a suitable workshop
for any procedure described in this manual, we suggest you
leave such repairs to an authorized dealer or other
qualified shop.
• Before starting a job, make certain that you have all the
necessary tools and parts on hand. Read all the instructions
thoroughly and do not attempt shortcuts. Use tools appropriate
to the work and use only replacement parts meeting original
specifications. Makeshift tools, parts and procedures will not
make good repairs.
• Use pneumatic and electric tools only to loosen threaded parts
and fasteners. Never use these tools to tighten fasteners,
especially on light alloy parts. Always use a torque wrench to
tighten fasteners to the tightening torque specification listed.
Audi TT Quick Reference Specification Book • May 2009 7