lareneG
noitamrofnI
• If you are going to work under a car on the ground, make sure
the ground is level. Block the wheels to keep the car from rolling.
Disconnect the battery negative (-) terminal (ground strap) to
prevent others from starting the car while you are under it.
• Never run the engine unless the work area is well ventilated.
Carbon monoxide kills.
• Remove rings, bracelets and other jewelry so they cannot cause
electrical shorts, get caught in running machinery, or be crushed
by heavy parts.
• Tie back long hair. Do not wear a necktie, a scarf, loose clothing,
or a necklace when you work near machine tools or running
engines. If your hair, clothing, or jewelry were to get caught in the
machinery, severe injury could result.
• Do not attempt to work on your car if you do not feel well. You
increase the danger of injury to yourself and others if you are
tired, upset, or have taken medication or any other substance
that may keep you from being fully alert.
• Illuminate your work area adequately but safely. Use a portable
safety light for working inside or under the car. Make sure
the bulb is enclosed by a wire cage. The hot filament of an
accidentally broken bulb can ignite spilled fuel, vapors or oil.
• Use a suitable container to catch draining fuel, oil, or brake
fluid. Do not use food or beverage containers that might mislead
someone into drinking from them. Store flammable fluids away
from fire hazards. Wipe up spills at once, but do not store oily
rags which can ignite and burn spontaneously.
• Always observe good workshop practices. Wear goggles when
you operate machine tools or work with battery acid. Wear
gloves or other protective clothing whenever the job requires
working with harmful substances.
• Greases, lubricants and other automotive chemicals contain
toxic substances, many of which are absorbed directly through
the skin. Read the manufacturer's instructions and warnings
carefully. Use hand and eye protection. Avoid direct skin contact
• Disconnect the battery negative (-) terminal (ground strap)
whenever you work on the fuel or electrical system. Do not
smoke or work near heaters or other fire hazards. Keep an
approved fire extinguisher handy.
Audi TT Quick Reference Specification Book • May 2009 5