• Friction materials (such as brake pads or shoes or clutch discs)
contain asbestos fibers or other friction materials. Do not create
dust by grinding, sanding, or cleaning with compressed air. Avoid
breathing dust. Breathing any friction material dust can lead to
serious diseases and may result in death.
• Batteries give off explosive hydrogen gas during charging. Keep
sparks, lighted matches and open flame away from the top of the
battery. If hydrogen gas escaping from the cap vents is ignited, it
ignites the gas trapped in the cells and causes the battery
to explode.
• Connect and disconnect battery cables, jumper cables or a
battery charger only with the ignition off. Do not disconnect the
battery while the engine is running.
• Do not quick-charge the battery (for boost starting) for longer
than one minute. Wait at least one minute before boosting the
battery a second time.
• Do not allow battery charging voltage to exceed 16.5 volts. If
the battery begins producing gas or boiling violently, reduce the
charging rate. Boosting a sulfated battery at a high charging rate
can cause an explosion.
• The A/C system is filled with chemical refrigerant, which is
hazardous. The A/C system should be serviced only by trained
technicians using approved refrigerant recovery/recycling
equipment, trained in related safety precautions, and familiar
with regulations governing the discharging and disposal of
automotive chemical refrigerants.
• Do not expose any part of the A/C system to high temperatures
such as open flame. Excessive heat increases system pressure
and may cause the system to burst.
• Some aerosol tire inflators are highly flammable. Be extremely
cautious when repairing a tire that may have been inflated using
an aerosol tire inflator. Keep sparks, open flame or other sources
of ignition away from the tire repair area. Inflate and deflate the
tire at least four times before breaking the bead from the rim.
Completely remove the tire from the rim before attempting
any repair.
6 Audi TT Quick Reference Specification Book • May 2009