Audi TT 2007 ➤
Body Repairs - Edition 09.2009
8 Bonded joints
Bonded and spot-welded bonded joints are employed on the Audi
TT for increased body strength.
8.1 Bonded joints
In the case of adhesive-bonded joints, the joint between the sheet
metal parts is formed only by the adhesive.
8.2 Spot-welded/bonded joints
In spot welded bonded joints an electrically conductive adhesive
is used between the panels, which allows good root penetration
for spot welding.
The welding current must not be increased for spot-weld bonding
operations. The pre-press period must be extended to about 30
– 50 cycles because of the displacement of the adhesive. Always
use a fume extractor.
Spot-weld bonding is not carried out in the service sector.
8.3 Inspecting and repairing bonded joints
Particular attention should be given to these joints when diag‐
nosing accident damage and performing body repairs.
Note the following points: Do not use a chisel to test the strength
of a joint or relieve stresses by hammering as this will damage or
destroy the bonded joint.
These joints should be inspected particularly closely when diag‐
nosing accident damage and after performing straightening work
on the body.
If the joint is not accessible with pop rivets, it must be repaired
with an arc-welded seam (SG). In this case the entire area of the
joint must be re-welded, as the heat produced by welding de‐
stroys the adhesive in the bonded joint. The SG seams should be
welded working from the thin to the thick panel. Always use a fume
extractor.
8.4 Repair methods for replacing body parts
When making repairs, welded joints can be used in place of all
spot-welded bonded joints and certain bonded joints if no suitable
body adhesive is available.
Do not make the repair with only the same spot welds or seams
as originally used in production. These alone are not adequate
for a proper joint.
The repair methods are shown in detail on the following pages.
N o te
♦ If the instructions call for additional spot welds, these should
be applied in a single operation.
♦ Do not place new spot welds in-between the original spot
welds.
♦ SG plug welding should only be performed after spot welding.
♦ This avoids any increased shunt current when spot welding.
Ensure good root penetration at all joints.
Seal off repaired joint flanges and apply cavity sealing.
11
8. Bonded joints