General InformationBody Repair, Body Collision Repair - Edition 05.2007
2 General Notes
Diagnosis of Vehicles in Accidents ⇒ page 6
General Information about Body Repairs ⇒ page 6
Conditions in which Body and/or Parts are Passed for Painting
⇒ page 7
Straightening ⇒ page 7
Separating Cuts ⇒ page 7
Replacement Body Sub-parts and Part Sections ⇒ page 7
Original Joint ⇒ page 7
Galvanized Body Parts ⇒ page 7
Removing Remaining Material ⇒ page 8
New Parts ⇒ page 8
Replacement Parts ⇒ page 8
2.1 Diagnosis of Vehicles in Accidents
Damage to the running gear and assembly mountings, which
could have very serious effects later on is sometimes not discov‐
ered when accident vehicles are being repaired. Where the acci‐
dent damage indicates over-stressing of the vehicle, special
attention must be paid to the following components, completely
independent of the axle geometry check which must be done in
all cases:
♦ Check steering and steering linkages using steering wheel
angle for problem-free function, visual inspection for bends or
cracks.
♦ Check suspension, all suspension parts such as links, struts,
steering knuckle, stabilizer, subframe, axle body and their se‐
curing parts for bends or cracks.
♦ Check rims and tires for damage, true running and imbalance.
Check tires for cuts in the profile and the sides, check tire
pressure.
♦ Check mounts for engine, transmission, axles and exhaust
system for damage.
♦ Finally, a proper road test after repairs ensures that the vehicle
is safe to drive and can be handed over to the customer.
2.2 General Information about Body Re‐
pairs
When repairing, the ori g inal connection should always be re‐
stored.
Standard repairs are described in the repair manual. Further de‐
scriptions are not given because if there are more extensive
repairs, the damaged area should be removed at the original con‐
nection. Where this is possible, the joining techniques can be
implemented according to the preceding comparison.
All repairs with special separating cuts and joining techniques that
do not correspond to the original connection (production status)
checked and approved by the Technical Development by means
of calculation, strength testing and crash.
6
2. General Notes