General InformationBody Repair, Body Collision Repair - Edition 05.2007
WARNING
It is advisable to have a rinsing bottle for the eyes handy at all
times. If liquid refrigerant gets into the eyes, they should be
rinsed thoroughly with water for about 15 minutes.
Then use eye drops and obtain medical attention immediately
even if no pain is felt in the eyes. The doctor should be informed
that the cause of the frostbite was R12 or R134a refrigerant.
If the refrigerant comes into contact with other parts of the body
despite compliance with safety measures, the part of the body
concerned must be rinsed immediately with cold water for at
least 15 minutes.⇒ Refrigerant R134a - Servicing; Rep. Gr.
87 ; Refrigerant, handling
Although refrigerant does not present a fire hazard, smoking is
not permitted in rooms containing refrigerant vapors. The high
temperature of a burning cigarette causes a chemical breakdown
of the refrigerant vapor. The products of this breakdown are poi‐
sonous and cause violent coughing and sickness when inhaled.
1.7 Airbag System
Repair notes ⇒ Body Interior; Rep. Gr. 69 ; Safety precautions
for work on airbags
The battery Ground (GND) strap must be disconnected when
working on the airbag system or when performing straightening
work when repairing the body.
WARNING
Switch off ignition before connecting battery! ⇒ Electrical
Equipment; Rep. Gr. 27 ; Battery General Information
On vehicles with electronic ignition lock, ignition must be
switched off before removal
There should not be any people inside the vehicle when con‐
necting the battery!
Airbag components must not even briefly be subjected to tem‐
peratures above 100C (212F).
Additional notes⇒ Body Interior; Rep. Gr. 69
Airbag components must not come into contact with grease,
cleaning agent, oil or similar.
Mechanically damaged airbag components must be replaced ⇒
Chapter: Disposal precautions, page ⇒ page 27 .
Wash hands after touching deployed airbag units.
1.8 Seat Belts, Inspecting
WARNING
After every accident, seat belt system must be checked sys‐
tematically. If damage is determined when checking the test
points, customer must be informed regarding necessity of
changing belts..
Additional notes ⇒ Body Interior; Rep. Gr. 69
3
1. Safety Instructions