General InformationBody Repair, Body Collision Repair - Edition 05.2007
Adhesives Bonding and riveting
Punch rivets Punch rivets with VAS 5279
Pop rivets Pop rivets
Only use specified pop rivets
according to repair manual.
Commercially-available pop
rivets generally are not strong
enough.
11.4.4 Straight-line welding on galvanized pan‐
els
When performing resistance spot welding on galvanized panels,
observe following points:
• The flanges to be spot welded must lie against each other.
Clamp flanges with pliers, if necessary.
• This is especially important with high-strength panels because
the electrode strength is not great enough.
• Do not weld directly by the clamping pliers with the welding
tongs because a large amount of the welding current flows
through here due to shunting.
• With small spot weld spacing, weld points in sequential order
or weld every 3rd point to secure then finish welding. This
minimizes the shunting influence.
• Observe user's instructions and adjustment notes from man‐
ufacturer.
11.4.5 “Unbuttoning test”
For the necessary unbuttoning diameter, determine the panel
pairing based on the manufacturer's specifications and check with
test panels.
Check all spot weld connections 100% with bit sample.
Qualitatively acceptable spot welds do not tear into the contact
surface, but rather “unbutton”.
Calculate unbuttoning diameter with the following formula and
check on test panels before beginning repair.
Square root T1x 3.5 x 1.15
Note
T1 is the thinnest panel in a panel pairing
e.g. panel pairing 1.5 mm and 0.8 mm
Example calculation: Root of 0.8 x 3.5 x 1.15 = 3.6 mm un‐
buttoning diameter
With the test, the small welded test strip is rolled or pulled from
the second test strip with force perpendicular to the panel surface.
If the pressure of the wel d i ng tongs is not great enough, clamp
flanges with pliers as well to attain the proper force.
If the welding transformer amperage is not great enough for the
panel pairing, perform a gas-shielded plug weld.
33
11. Sheet Steel Repairs