General InformationBody Repair, Body Collision Repair - Edition 05.2007
Procedure for Electronic Control Modules after accident repairs
⇒ page 2
1.3.1 Procedure for Electronic Control Mod‐
ules after accident repairs
It is only necessary to install new electronic control units after an
accident where at least one of the following conditions is present:
♦ The function check results in the message “Control module
faulty”.
If electronic components, e.g. ABS control modules, were re‐
moved for servicing and then reused, these are to be checked for
function according to the available documentation after installing.
To do this, check all DTC memories with a tester and correct any
possible malfunctions present.
1.4 Paint, Glass, Upholstery, Trim
No other vehicles may be parked unprotected in areas used for
body repairs. (Fire hazard due to flying sparks, battery, damage
to paintwork and glass).
1.5 Fuel Tank or Fuel Lines
Use extreme care when performing sanding and welding work
near the tank or other components carrying fuel. Where there are
doubts regarding safety, these parts must be removed.
1.6 Air Conditioning
No parts of the charged air conditioner system may be welded,
brazed or soldered. This also applies to any part of the vehicle if
there is a risk that the parts of the air conditioner system could
heat up. After paint repairs, the vehicle must not be heated up to
more than 176 ºF (80 ºC) in the drying booth or preliminary heating
zone, because heat causes a pressure increase which can burst
the system..
Note
The system must be evacuated when it is necessary to weld elec‐
trically near the refrigerant hoses. During the electrical welding
process invisible ultraviolet rays are given off which penetrate the
refrigerant hoses and decompose the refrigerant.
Solution ⇒ page 2
1.6.1 Solution:
Evacuate air conditioning system: ⇒ Refrigerant R134a - Serv‐
icing; Rep. Gr. 87 ; Refrigerant circuit, evacuating using A/C
service station Only extract system if it is required by the safety
precautions.
If it is necessary to evacuate the refrigerant when carrying out
repairs to a vehicle, avoid all contact with liquid refrigerant or re‐
frigerant vapor!
Wear rubber gloves to protect the hands and goggles to protect
the eyes! If the refrigerant comes into contact with unprotected
parts of the body it will cause frostbite..
2
1. Safety Instructions