General InformationBody Repair, Body Collision Repair - Edition 05.2007
11 Sheet Steel Repairs
Strengthened steel body panels ⇒ page 30
Yield points of steel panels used ⇒ page 31
Galvanized body parts ⇒ page 31
Welding work on galvanized body panels ⇒ page 31
11.1 Strengthened Steel Body Panels
Reinforced (high-strength) panels are being used increasingly in
our vehicles. You can see the areas where these panels are used
in a picture in the body repair manual ⇒ Body Repair; Rep. Gr.
00
What are high-strength panels?
Optically normal panels, but they posses a higher yield point than
normal body panels because of various alloys. That is, with the
same force applied to the panel, the dent in the high-strength
panel is not as deep as that in a normal body panel.
What must be observed when removing dents?
Dents are removed with standard tools. Due to the higher dent
resistance, there is greater rebound so that it may be necessary
to expend more force. When buckled areas are reshaped, breaks
in the material may occur.
What must be observed when straightening with a bench-type
straightening system or hydraulic press?
Due to the greater rebound characteristics of high-strength pan‐
els, it must be stretched more than a normal panel before it
remains in the desired position. Due to the higher application of
force, normal panels that are welded with high-strength panels
are strained more. In order to prevent normal panels from yielding
or tearing, an additional anchorage must be provided.
WARNING
♦ If a high-strength panel is stretched too much, it suddenly
springs back a lot unintentionally!
♦ For safety reasons, high-strength body panels must not be
heated when reforming as with normal body panels!
♦ Welding high-strength steel is not allowed due to strength
reasons.
What must be observed when painting?
If high-strength panels are warmed too quickly by a dryer, they
expand. If the panel is firmly secured by spot welds or bonding
with reinforcements located behind, dents will appear in these
places and remain visible after cooling off. For this reason, heat‐
ers should only be brought up to full capacity slowly. The drying
can be done safely in a drying booth.
What are high-strength hot-formed steel panels?
They are steel panels that, as their name suggests, are formed in
a warm condition at temperatures between 900 °C and 950 °C.
The steel panels gain their high strength through a specific cool‐
ing process in the reshaping tool. they are form hardened.
The vehicle weight can be reduced without losing strength by us‐
ing high-strength hot-formed steel panels.
30
11. Sheet Steel Repairs