General InformationBody Repair, Body Collision Repair - Edition 05.2007
2.3 Conditions in which Body and/or Parts
are Passed for Painting
Before a repaired vehicle or part is handed over to the paint shop
for painting, the repaired or beaten out, and where necessary,
filled surfaces must be prepared for painting by rubbing-down with
abrasive paper having a grade of P 80 - P 100.
This preparatory work is the job of the sheet metal worker and is
included in the time allowed for the repair.
2.4 Straightening
Body and floor sections are produced mainly from cold formed
deep drawn sheet metal. For this reason the reshaping of acci‐
dent damaged areas should b e carried out in the same manner.
If the size of the damage does not allow it to be reshaped against
the direction of damage, the damaged part must be removed after
straightening the connecting surfaces.
2.5 Separating Cuts
In areas where cutting and the subsequent joining affect the ri‐
gidity of the body and also the operational safety and servicea‐
bility of the vehicle, the parting cuts must be made in accordance
with the Repair Manual instructions.
2.6 Replacement Body Sub-parts and Part
Sections
“Sub-parts” include sections of individual parts (e.g. front and rear
end points) that are delivered pre-cut from the parts depot.
– In contrast to this, “partial sections” are to be cut out from re‐
placement parts. In individual cases, work is to be performed
exactly according to the methods described and represented
in the body repair manual.
– Because the use of “sub-parts” or “partial sections” as well as
special resources influence repair times, the special resources
are included separately in the repair description.
2.7 Original Joint
“Original joint” refers to welding that is used by the vehicle man‐
ufacturer.
These welds should be reconstructed when performing body re‐
pairs.
When doing so, ensure that the production number of weld points
is not exceeded when making repairs.
Methods and procedures differing from the original connection
are described in the applicable body repair manual.
2.8 Galvanized Body Parts
Fully galvanized panels provide a high level of bodywork anti-
corrosion protection during manufacture. To be able to maintain
the warranty guarantee against perforation rusting when carrying
out repairs, the repair information from ⇒ page 31 must be fol‐
lowed exactly.
7
2. General Notes