Audi TT 2007 ➤
Brake system - Edition 04.2009
45 – Anti-lock brake system
1 General information on the anti-lock
brake system
1.1 Notes for repair work on ABS Mark 60
WARNING
The anti-lock brake system is basically maintenance-free.
Testing, removing, installing and repair work may only be per‐
formed by qualified personnel.
Failure to observe the information described in this Workshop
Manual may result in damage to the system and could make
the vehicle unsafe.
Note
Malfunctions in the ABS system do not influence the brake system
itself. However, a change in braking behaviour must be reckoned
with.
Vehicles equipped with the ABS Mark 60 do not have a mechan‐
ical brake pressure regulator. A specially matched software in the
control unit controls the rear axle brake pressure regulation.
♦ Before carrying out repair work on the anti-lock brake system,
determine the cause of the problem using self-diagnosis.
♦ Always switch off ignition before unplugging the connector at
hydraulic control unit.
♦ If a new hydraulic control unit has been fitted, it must be en‐
coded. Vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system -
VAS 505x-
♦ Bleed brake system after performing work involving opening
of brake system: ABS/ESP Mark 60 ⇒ page 109 . To do so,
use for example the brake filling and bleeding equipment -
V.A.G 1869- or brake filling and bleeding equipment -VAS
5234- .
♦ Absolute cleanliness is required when working on the anti-lock
brake system; avoid any products that contain mineral oil,
such as oil, grease, etc.
♦ Thoroug h ly clean all connections and the adjacent areas be‐
fore loosening; do not use harsh cleaning agents such as
brake cleaner, fuel, thinners or similar.
♦ Place removed parts on a clean surface and cover them up.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs are not to
be carried out immediately. Use plugs from repair kit; Part No.
⇒ ETKA .
♦ When the brake system is open do not work with compressed
air and do not move the vehicle.
♦ Only use lint-free cloths.
♦ Only use genuine spare parts from original packaging.
6
Rep. Gr.45 - Anti-lock brake system