V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09 V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09
TOOL USE Reading Sensors (continued)
Reading Sensors TPM Not Found
If the search period expires without reading a TPM then the BRT-
DBL4 will emit a single Audible Beep and indicate on the display
Once a TPM has been selected, either through the TPM Selection
that no TPM was found. The OE part number will be displayed.
process (i.e. Test Indicator visible) or simply a subsequent read of
the previously selected type (TPM Indicator not visible) a TPM read
can be initiated by pressing the Test Button.
TPM Activation The TPM Data will still be stored but will indicate that the TPM Failed
When the Test Button is pressed the BRT-DBL4 will begin the process to Read.
of reading the TPM, this will be indicated by the display that details
the TPM Type it is activating and a progress bar that indicates the Pressing the Left Back Button will return the user back to the
maximum period for which it will send the LF Command and look previous menu.
for the UHF response.
TPM Data Storage
The BRT-DBL4 is capable of storing up to 5 TPM Data records for
Auditing purposes; this Data is also stored over a power down. TPM
Data is stored chronologically, that is, the last read TPM’s data will
TPM activation can be aborted at any time by pressing the Back always be displayed in Data Item position 1.
Button. When the activation is aborted, the user will be returned to
the previous menu. If a Data Item is empty then the display will regard that as an
Unknown TPM (Note that unknown TPM’s are not displayed in the
TPM Found Audit File, see Audit System).
If a TPM of the indicated type is found, then the BRT-DBL4 will emit
a series of tones that follows the pattern of received data. This TPM If a TPM is read that already exists in the TPM Data, then that TPM
Data will immediately be stored and displayed. This newly stored Data record will be updated with the new information and placed
TPM Data will be placed in Item position 1 and all other TPM Data at the top of the list just as if a new TPM had been read.
will be shifted down a position.
TPM’s that failed to be read are also stored, however, the BRT-DBL4
Pressing the Back Button will return the user back to the menu they assumes that any failed read of a TPM that immediately follows a
were previously on (i.e. the Menu Page where the user pressed the failed read of a TPM of same Type is an actual attempt to reread
Test Button). that TPM, and so the TPM Data is just updated. Failures of the same
Type that are interspersed by a successfully read TPM are stored as
separate failures.
14 15