V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09 V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09
The BRT-DBL4 will produce a single file for each type of TPM Part DISPLAY AREA (continued)
that has been read, and a separate record within that file for
each unique TPM of that type. 4 USB Indicator
The USB indicator becomes visible when it detects 5 volts on the
While the BRT-DBL4 is in its MSD mode, menu functions are USB port, i.e. connecting the BRT-DBL4 to your computer via the
disabled. supplied USB lead. The indicator has two different states:
1. Initialization state
Viewing the Audit Files
To begin using the Auditing System ensure that the tool has some This is the first state that the BRT-DBL4 enters when the USB
data available, indicated by the Data Indicator icon, and then lead is connected. This indicates that the BRT-DBL4 is trying
connect the BRT-DBL4 to a PC via its USB lead. to establish communications with the PC. If this indicator
remains on for a prolonged amount of time, then remove
The PC will begin communicating with the BRT-DBL4. Once the USB lead and check the connections.
communication is established the BRT-DBL4 will act as a MSD. If the
MSD does not automatically open its explorer window on the PC, 2. Communication state
then the user may browse for the newly connected device
manually. This indicates that the BRT-DBL4 has established
communication with the PC and can now be viewed as a
Once the explorer window is open, you may view a file by right Mass Storage Device.
clicking on the file and selecting Open from the pop-up menu.
When the USB lead is removed the USB icon will disappear.
Audit File Presentation
The Data presented is in a HTML form format that displays not only
5 Menu Item Indicator
information regarding the TPMs but also publishes the Date of the
The Menu Item Indicator is provided to allow the user to determine
Test and allows for the Tester’s name to be entered.
where he currently is within a menu page.
The indicator is divided into two parts. The first number, before the
Saving the Audit File:
forward slash (/), indicates what Item number is currently selected
To save the audit file, select “file’ “saveas” and save the file as a
in the Menu Page, and the second number, the one following the
TXT file. This will allow you to recall the data later.
slash, indicates the total number of Items in the Menu Page.
20 9