AG
d o es
not
guarantee
or
accept
any
V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09 V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09
liability
IMPORTANT NOTICES APPENDIX C – ACCESSORIES
Part Number Description Appearance
Copyright
The contents of this manual may not be reproduced or distributed by any
means electronically, mechanically, recording or otherwise unless written
authorization is given from Bartec USA, LLC. Rechargeable
BRT-DBL4-02
Battery
Disclaimer
All specifications, illustrations and information contained within this manual
are based on the most current information available at the time of
publication. Bartec USA, LLC reserves the right to makes changes at any
time without obligation to notify any person or organization. Bartec USA,
BRT-DBL4-03 Mini SD Card
LLC will do its best to keep you the customer informed of any changes
that might affect the tools performance.
Warning: Changes or modifications not expressively approved by the
party responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to
operate the equipment. The term “IC:” before the radio certification
number only signifies that Industry Canada technical specifications were BRT-DBL4-04 USB Cable
met.
Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits
for a Class A digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These
limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful
interference when the equipment is operated in a commercial
environment. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio
BRT-DBL4-05 Printer Kit
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the
instruction manual, may cause harmful interference to radio
communications. Operation of this equipment in a residential area is likely
to cause harmful interference in which case the user will be required to
correct the interference at their expense.
FCC Compliance Model: DBL4
FCC ID: SX8-DBL4 IC: 5736A-DBL4 BRT-DBL4-06 Power Supply
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC rules and with RSS-210 of
Industry Canada. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1)
this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must
accept any interference received, including interference that may cause
undesired operation.
BRT-DBL4-06 User Guide
2 27