V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09 V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09
DISPLAY AREA (continued) Diagnostics
Prior to servicing any TPM vehicle’s wheels and tires, use
6 Battery Indicator the BRT-DBL4 to insure the operating condition of the
The Battery Indicator provides an estimate of the remaining power
TPM sensors. A quick scan of a vehicle during the “walk
of the battery in the tool.
around” or during service allows the technician to
accurately diagnose sensor status.
There is plenty of power in the Battery
There is a moderate amount of AUDIT FUNCTIONS
power in the battery
There is little power left in the battery Audit
The BRT-DBL4 has a powerful feature known as “AUDIT
The battery has almost run out
MODE.” After a sensor(s) are read, the data stored on
the tool can be saved and printed, even attached to
When there is an insufficient amount of power remaining in the
the customer’s records.
battery then the Bartec BRT-DBL4 will flash its battery icon for two
seconds, save all of the TPM Data and then power itself down.
Audit Mode
The BRT-DBL4 is capable of presenting all of its stored data within
7 Test Indicator
one or more computer files when connected to a PC via an USB
The Test Indicator becomes visible when a new TPM Type can be
lead. This is the same ‘Mass Storage Mode’ such as used in USB
read. When the indicator is visible, pressing the Test Button will
memory devices. No extra drivers or software have to be loaded
initiate the reading of the n ew TPM Type. If the indicator is not
onto the pc (as long as he specified operating systems are used).
visible then pressing the Test Button will read the last TPM Type
read.
The files and the stored TPM Data enable the BRT-DBL4 to be used
as part of an Auditing System.
8 Data Available Indicator
The TPM Data Indicator becomes visible when there is TPM Data
The tool automatically goes into Mass Storage Device (MSD) mode
available for viewing either by the display (See View TPM Data
when connected to an active USB port on the pc.
menu) or via the PC when the Bartec BRT-DBL4 is in its Mass
It is not necessary to power up the tool prior to connecting to the
Storage Device mode (See Audit Mode).
pc- it will power up automatically.
It is important not to accidentally press the enter key on the BRT-
When there is no data present, the TPM Data Indicator will not be
DBL4 at the same time as connecting to the pc, as this will put the
visible.
tool in Program mode which will not allow you access to the Audit
File.
10 19