V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09 V1.2 User Guide 3/19/09
Beru Gen 2 DISPLAY AREA (continued)
The Beru Gen2 sensors have the ability to be forced to
9 Magnet Activated Sensor Indicator. (see appx B)
transmit by LF activation. These sensors are all 433 MHz.
Some sensors will only activate using the provided ring magnet.
When this icon displays, follow the instructions (see appendix A)
Beru Gen2 433 regarding activating with ring magnet.
Part Number
10 Delta P Indicator.
4D0907275B
Some sensors will only activate by changing the pressure. When
this icon displays, follow the instructions (see Beru Gen1) regarding
Siemens
activating by letting pressure out of the tire.
The Siemens sensors have the ability to be forced to
transmit by LF activation. These sensors are all 315MHz.
The Siemens sensors have different modes they can be
in. With regards to the Audi Vehicles, the modes are MENU SYSTEM
Park and Ship. When a sensor is in Park, the sensor is on
a 30 se c ond clock, only allowing LF to force it to The BRT-DBL4 utilizes a menu system for easy navigation and use.
transmit every 30 seconds. Make sure to keep BRT-DBL4 Most of the screens on the BRT-DBL4 will indicate to the user what
menu is currently selected via the upper most line of text.
held up to tire until the tracking bar goes all the way
across to insure that you get the transmission. Sensors in
Menu Navigation
Ship mode will be forced the Park when tested, this will The menu system is navigated by use of the directional keys:
be indicated on the screen of the tool and in the audit
report. Up Button: Navigates up within the current menu
Down Button: Navigates down within the current menu
Right (Q)Button: Navigates to the next menu / actions the
currently selected item.
Siemens 315 Left (back)Button: Navigates to the previous menu item.
Part Number
The Q Button’s function will vary depending upon the currently
1K0907253D
selected item and will either action a command or move to a sub
menu of the current menu.
The current position within a Menu Page is indicated by the Menu
Item Indicator that displays the current item selected and the total
number of items on the page. Items are selected by using the Up
and Down Directional buttons and will wrap around when the last
item is selected.
18 11