Audi TT 2007 ➤
Communication - Edition 02.2009
– When renewing control unit, select “Replacement” function for
appropriate control unit in “Guided Fault Finding”.
To do so, use the vehicle diagnostic, testing and information sys‐
tem -VAS 5051- .
– Switch off all electrical equipment.
– Remove ignition key.
Removing
– Open luggage compartment.
– Take out luggage compartment floor.
– Pivot satellite radio -R146- -1- in direction of -arrow- out of in‐
sert in luggage compartment.
– Unplug electrical connectors -2-, -3- and -4- on satellite radio
-R146- -1-.
Installing
– Installation is performed in reverse sequence.
– Enable satellite radio -R146- ⇒ page 24 .
2.10.2 Enabling satellite radio -R146-
When satellite radio -R146- is first put into operation or is re‐
newed, it must be enabled/activated by the provider (XM or
Sirius).
The subscription and application for activation can coincide if the
call centre of the provider has already received all the required
details (US postal address, credit card no., radio ID (XM) and SID
(Sirius)).
Only applies to Sirius:
Within the first hour after activation has been applied for Sirius
will transmit the activation sequence 6 times. If activation is not
successful within this time limit the Sirius call centre must be ap‐
plied to once more in order to re-transmit the activation sequence.
Requirements:
♦ Customer has a subscription to XM or Sirius
♦ Satellite radio -R146- is installed and connected
♦ Radio -R- / navigation system with CD drive control unit -J401-
is adapted/coded accordingly
♦ Ignition is switched on
Procedure
– Switch on radio -R- / navigation system with CD drive control
unit -J401- and select reception range for satellite radio -
R146- .
– Try to receive “free-to-air” channels on the XM (e.g. channel 1)
or Sirius band (only channel 184).
– Drive to a different location.
If the “free-to-air” channels have a good reception quality, you will
also be able to receive the activation information sent by the pro‐
vider (XM or Sirius) without difficulty.
24
Rep. Gr.91 - Radio, telephone, navigation