Audi TT 2007 ➤
Direct petrol injection and ignition system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve turbo) - Edition 01.2008
♦ For safety reasons, the battery must be disconnected before
opening the fuel system to prevent the fuel pump from being
activated by the contact switch on the driver's door.
♦ Persons wearing a cardiac pacemaker must at all times main‐
tain a safe distance from high-voltage components such as the
ignition system and gas-discharge headlights.
♦ Do not open any fuel line connections while the engine is run‐
ning.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before connecting or discon‐
necting injection or ignition system wiring or tester cables.
♦ If engine is to be operated at cranking speed without it starting
(e.g. compression test), unplug connectors from ignition coils
and remove fuse for electric fuel pump.
♦ Certain tests may lead to a fault being detected by the control
unit and stored. The fault memory should therefore be inter‐
rogated and (if necessary) erased after completing the tests
and any repair work that may be required.
♦ If the fault memory has been erased, you must generate the
readiness code again.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before cleaning the engine.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before connecting or discon‐
necting the battery, otherwise the engine control unit may be
damaged.
♦ If the engine has to be operated at the starting speed without
actually starting (e.g. to test compression pressure), detach
the four connectors from the ignition coils using assembly tool
-T40039- ⇒ page 64 . Also remove fuse for fuel pump control
unit -J538- .
Note
♦ The fuse is located in the fuse holder in the luggage compart‐
ment (right-side).
♦ Removing fuse -SF 6- will interrupt the voltage supply “termi‐
nal 30” for the fuel pump control unit -J538- .
1.3 Rules for cleanliness and instructions
for working on fuel system
Even small amounts of dirt can cause faults in the injection sys‐
tem. When working on the fuel supply/injection system, pay care‐
ful attention to the following basic rules:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Plug open lines and connections with suitable protective caps
immediately.
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Use only lint-free cloths.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have been previously unpacked and stored away loose
(e.g. in toolboxes, etc.).
♦ When the system is open: Do not work with compressed air.
Do not move the vehicle unless absolutely necessary.
3
1. Safety precautions and rules for cleanliness