Audi TT 2007 ➤
Direct shift gearbox 02E, front-wheel drive - Edition 12.2006
5 Notes on the direct shift gearbox 02E
5.1 General notes
Gearbox
The direct shift gearbox 02E is a dual-clutch gearbox, also refer‐
red to as “S tronic”. It has the same basic construction as a 6-
speed manual gearbox. The engine torque is transferred to the
gearbox via the dual-mass flywheel. The two multi-plate "wet"
clutches are controlled hydraulically and actuated alternately so
that the gearbox is operated like an automatic gearbox, in other
words the gears are engaged automatically (but can also be se‐
lected manually via the tiptronic function). There is no clutch
pedal. For further information please refer to ⇒ Self-study pro‐
gramme No. 308 ; Direct shift gearbox 02E .
Selector mechanism
In selector lever position “P” the selector lever cable is used to
engage the parking lock mechanically. All other gearshift com‐
mands and selector lever positions are transmitted via the CAN
data bus from the selector lever -E313- (selector mechanism) to
the mechatronic unit for direct shift gearbox -J743- .
Gear oil (gearbox and final drive)
The direct shift gearbox and front final drive have a common filling
of gear oil ⇒ page 66 .
Note
Use only the correct type of gear oil for the direct shift gearbox
02E (available as a replacement part). Other types of oil will cause
malfunctions and/or failure of the gearbox; for Part No. refer to ⇒
Parts catalogue .
Regulations for the disposal of oil
Drained oil must be disposed of properly.
♦ Improper disposal of used oil endangers the environment.
♦ It must not be mixed with solvents, brake fluid, coolant or sim‐
ilar.
♦ Please observe the information shown on the packaging of the
oil.
Variation of gear-change points for gradients
Additional gear-change maps automatically select the gear-
change points for gradients according to accelerator pedal posi‐
tion and road speed.
• The gear-change map for extreme uphill gradients is matched
to the engine power.
• The gear-change map for extreme downhill gradients is
matched to the engine braking effect.
• By selecting a gear directly via the tiptronic mode, it is possible
to make use of the engine braking effect available in a partic‐
ular gear, for instance when driving downhill with a trailer.
5.2 Safety functions of gearbox control unit
In the event of a failure of one or more components or sensors,
the control unit J743 will activate appropriate backup functions.
5
5. Notes on the direct shift gearbox 02E