Audi TT 2007 ➤
Direct petrol injection and ignition system (4-cyl. 1.8 ltr., 2.0 ltr. 4-valve turbo with timing chain) - Edition
06.2010
♦ For safety reasons, the battery must be disconnected before
opening the fuel system to prevent the fuel pump from being
activated by the contact switch on the driver's door.
♦ Persons wearing a cardiac pacemaker must at all times main‐
tain a safe distance from high-voltage components such as the
ignition system and gas-discharge headlights.
♦ Do not open any fuel line connections while the engine is run‐
ning.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before connecting or discon‐
necting injection or ignition system wiring or tester cables.
♦ If engine is to be operated at cranking speed without it starting
(e.g. compression test), unplug connectors from ignition coils
and remove fuse for electric fuel pump.
♦ Certain tests may lead to a fault being detected by the control
unit and stored. The event memory should therefore be inter‐
rogated and (if necessary) erased after completing the tests
and any repair work that may be required.
♦ If the event memory has been erased, you must generate the
readiness code again.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before cleaning the engine.
♦ If the engine has to be operated at the starting speed without
actually starting (e.g. to test compression pressure), detach
the four connectors from the ignition coils using assembly tool
-T40039- ⇒ page 84 . Also remove fuse for fuel pump control
unit -J538- .
Note
♦ The fuse is located in the fuse holder in the luggage compart‐
ment (right-side).
♦ Removing the fuse will interrupt the voltage supply “termi‐
nal 30” for the fuel pump control unit -J538- . ⇒ Current flow
diagrams, Electrical fault finding and Fitting locations
1.3 Safety precautions for vehicles with
start/stop system
WARNING
Risk of injury due to automatic engine start on vehicles with
start/stop system.
♦ On vehicles with activated start/stop system (this is indi‐
cated by a message in the instrument cluster display), the
engine may start automatically on demand.
♦ Therefore it is important to ensure that the start/stop sys‐
tem is deactivated when performing repairs (switch off
ignition, if required switch on ignition again).
1.4 Rules for cleanliness and instructions
for working on fuel system
Even small amounts of dirt can cause faults in the injection sys‐
tem. When working on the fuel supply/injection system, pay care‐
ful attention to the following basic rules:
3
1. Safety precautions and rules for cleanliness