Audi TT 2007 ➤
Direct shift gearbox 02E, front-wheel drive - Edition 12.2006
– Release selector lever lock solenoid -A- by pressing lever
-B- inwards -arrow- with a screwdriver -1- and holding it in this
position.
• The solenoid will then release the selector lever.
– Now press button on selector lever handle and shift selector
lever out of “P”.
Note
However, if the selector lever is now moved back to “P”, the se‐
lector lever lock solenoid will again lock it mechanically in position
“P” and it will have to be released once again.
3.2 Checking selector mechanism and igni‐
tion key removal lock
Proceed as follows:
♦ It should not be possible to operate the starter while the se‐
lector lever is in position “S”, “D” or “R” or in the tiptronic
position.
♦ If the selector lever is moved into position “N” while the vehicle
is rolling at a speed above 5 km/h, the solenoid for the selector
lever lock must not engage and block the selector lever. The
selector lever can be shifted into a driving gear.
♦ If th e selector lever is moved into position “N” while the vehicle
is rolling at a speed below 5 km/h (almost at a standstill), the
solenoid for the selector lever lock should only engage after a
delay of approx. one second. The selector lever cannot be
shifted out of position “N” until brake pedal is depressed.
Selector lever in position “P” and ignition switched off:
The ignition key can be removed.
Selector lever in any position other than “P” and ignition switched
off:
The ignition key cannot be removed.
Selector lever in position “P”, button on selector lever pressed in
and ignition switched on:
• Brake pedal not depressed:
The selector lever is locked with the button pressed in, and cannot
be shifted out of position “P”. The solenoid for selector lever lock
blocks the selector lever.
• Brake pedal depressed:
The solenoid for selector lever lock releases the selector lever
and a gear can be engaged. Shift the selector lever slowly from
position “P” through “R, N, D and S” and check whether the dis‐
play in the instrument cluster shows the correct selector lever
position in each case.
Selector lever in position “N”, button on selector lever pressed in
and ignition switched on:
• Brake pedal not depressed:
32
Rep. Gr.34 - Controls, housing