Audi TT 2007 ➤
Direct petrol injection and ignition system (4-cyl. 1.8 ltr., 2.0 ltr. 4-valve turbo with timing chain) - Edition
06.2010
Note
♦ The test box has 105 sockets. The connecting cable can be
disconnected from the test box. This means that only the cable
(and not the test box) has to be purchased for future engine
control units with different types of connectors.
♦ The smaller of the two connectors on the engine control unit
has the contacts 1 to 60. The larger of the two connectors has
the contacts 1 to 94.
♦ To carry out tests on the 60-pin wiring harness connector, the
adapter cable -V.A.G 1598/39-1- is connected to connector
-A- on the test box. For components connected to 60-pin wiring
harness connector ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault
finding and Fitting locations.
♦ To carry out tests on the 94-pin wiring harness connector, the
adapter cable -V.A.G 1598/39-2- must be connected to con‐
nectors -A- and -B- on the test box. For components connec‐
ted to 94-pin wiring harness connector ⇒ Current flow
diagrams, Electrical fault finding and Fitting locations.
♦ The test box -V.A.G 1598/42- is designed so it can be con‐
nected both to the wiring harness for the engine control unit
and to the engine control unit itself at the same time.
♦ The advantage of this is that the electronic engine control sys‐
tem remains fully functional when the test box is connected
(for example, for measuring signals when the engine is run‐
ning).
♦ The relevant test procedure will state whether it is necessary
to also connect the engine control unit to the test box.
WARNING
To prevent damage to the electronic components, select ap‐
propriate measuring range before connecting the measuring
cables and observe the test requirements.
The engine control unit has to be removed before multi-pin con‐
nectors can be unplugged from engine control unit ⇒ page 77 .
– Connect the test box -V.A.G 1598/42- to wiring harness with
adapter cable -V.A.G 1598/39-1- or adapter cable -V.A.G
1598/39-2- . Connect earth clip of test box to negative terminal
of battery. The instructions for performing the individual tests
indicate whether or not the engine control unit itself also needs
to be connected to the test box.
– Carry out test as described in appropriate repair procedures.
Installing engine control unit
Installation is performed in the reverse sequence.
– After installation, the protective housing must be re-fitted on
the control unit.
– Clean threaded holes for shear bolts to remove any residue
from locking fluid. This can be done using a thread tap.
– Always use new shear bolts.
Perform the following after reconnecting engine control unit:
– Interrogate event memory.
76
Rep. Gr.24 - Mixture preparation - injection