Audi TT 2007 ➤
Direct petrol injection and ignition system (5-cyl. 2.5 ltr. 4-valve turbo) - Edition 03.2009
♦ Persons wearing a cardiac pacemaker must at all times main‐
tain a safe distance from high-voltage components such as the
ignition system and gas-discharge headlights.
♦ Do not open any fuel line connections while the engine is run‐
ning.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before connecting or discon‐
necting injection or ignition system wiring or tester cables.
♦ Certain tests may lead to a fault being detected by the control
unit and stored. The fault memory should therefore be inter‐
rogated and (if necessary) erased after completing the tests
and any repair work that may be required.
♦ If the fault memory has been erased, you must generate the
readiness code again.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before cleaning the engine.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before connecting or discon‐
necting the battery, otherwise the engine control unit may be
damaged.
♦ If you want to crank the engine at starting speed without ac‐
tually starting it (e.g. compression test), first unplug the con‐
nectors from the ignition coils.
♦ Additionally unplug electrical connector -arrow- for injectors.
– Then connect veh i c le diagnostic, testing and information sys‐
tem -VAS 5051B- and generate readiness code in engine
control unit using “Guided Fault Finding” mode.
1.3 Rules for cleanliness when working on
fuel supply system and injection system
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. For this rea‐
son, please observe the following rules when working on the fuel
supply system and injection system:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open pipes/lines and connections immediately with
clean plugs, e.g. from engine bung set -VAS 6122- .
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Use only lint-free cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have been previously unpacked and stored away loose
(e.g. in toolboxes, etc.).
♦ When the system is open: Do not work with compressed air.
Do not move the vehicle unless absolutely necessary.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
3
1. Safety precautions and rules for cleanliness