Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi A4 2001 ➤ , Au ...
Electrical system; General information - Edition 10.2010
WARNING
Risk of explosion due to naked flames, fires and smoking.
♦ Sealing plugs of batteries which are not maintenance-free
must be firmly screwed in.
♦ Ensure good ventilation.
♦ A highly inflammable gas is given off when batteries are
charged. Smoking and naked lights are consequently not
allowed in rooms in which batteries are being charged.
♦ Observe safety regulations of manufacturers of battery
charger and battery.
♦ Rapid-charging of battery ⇒ page 39 .
Risk of explosion due to a discharged battery with „magic eye“.
♦ The battery must NOT be checked or charged if the indi‐
cator of the „magic eye“ is colourless or yellow. Do NOT
boost start the vehicle. There is a risk of explosion when
checking or charging the battery or boost starting the ve‐
hicle. The battery must be renewed.
Caution
Risk of damage to valve-regulated lead acid or AGM batteries.
♦ Valve-regulated lead acid or AGM batteries may only be
charged up to a limited voltage.
– Switch off ignition and take out ignition key.
– Switch off all electrical equipment.
– Perform preparations for charging battery ⇒ Electrical system;
Rep. gr. 27 .
Note
♦ On vehicles without battery monitor control unit -J367- or en‐
ergy management control unit -J644- , clamps of battery
charger can be connected to battery terminals or remote pos‐
itive terminal and remote earth terminal in engine compart‐
ment.
♦ On vehicles with battery monitor control unit -J367- or energy
management control unit -J644- , black clamp „–“ must not be
connected to negative battery terminal, but to remote earth
terminal in engine compartment or to earth stud of energy
management control unit -J644- .
– After connecting charging clamps, plug in mains connector of
battery charger.
– Switch on battery charger.
– If necessary, set charging current at battery charger according
to battery capacity.
• The charging current should be around 10 % of the battery
capacity (so for a 60 Ah battery around 6 A).
37
6. Charging battery