Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi A4 2001 ➤ , Au ...
Electrical system; General information - Edition 10.2010
WARNING
Wear eye protection and protective clothing to reduce the risk
of injury.
♦ Wear safety goggles and an acid-resistant apron or alter‐
natively electrolyte-proof overalls.
♦ Wear electrolyte-proof gloves.
WARNING
Risk of explosion due to gas produced when charging battery.
♦ The gas given off during charging and sometimes emitted
by the battery at rest even after charging is explosive. In
the worst case, improper handling of the battery can lead
to explosion caused by escaping gas.
♦ Smoking, naked flames and sparks (caused by grinding,
welding or cutting) are prohibited when working in the vi‐
cinity of the battery.
♦ Take care to avoid short circuits when handling wires and
electrical equipment. Never place tools on the battery.
♦ To avoid sparks as a result of electrostatic discharge, al‐
ways touch the vehicle body before handling the battery.
WARNING
Avoid explosion risks.
♦ If the display is colourless or light yellow on batteries with
„magic eye“, do not check or charge the battery. Do NOT
boost start the vehicle. There is a risk of explosion when
checking or charging the battery or boost starting the ve‐
hicle. The battery must be renewed.
♦ Old batteries (in use for 6 months or more) must be treated
with an anti-static spray (currently „Neostatic Antistatikum
HB 155“) prior to handling.
♦ Sealing plugs of batteries which are not maintenance-free
must be firmly screwed in when charging.
♦ Charging of batteries removed from the vehicle is only
permitted in vented cubicles with extraction system.
♦ After charging, the battery must be left in the charging area
with extraction system for an appropriate length of time.
♦ Only work on batteries in suitable, well ventilated areas.
♦ Batteries must always be transported in conductive metal
containers.
♦ Do not use electrostatically chargeable materials for se‐
curing purposes.
3
1. Battery - general notes