Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi A4 2001 ➤ , Au ...
Electrical system; General information - Edition 10.2010
Caution
♦ Pay attention to the relevant regulations in the individual
countries.
♦ Disconnecting the battery earth cable prevents accidents
when working on the vehicle electrical system. Switch off
ignition before disconnecting earth wire at battery ⇒ Elec‐
trical system; Rep. gr. 27 .
♦ Before commencing repair work, always eliminate cause
of damage, e.g. sharp body edges, defective electrical
components, corrosion etc.
Note
♦ Do not loosen earth straps on body if this can be avoided
(danger of corrosion).
♦ Further information, for example about removal and installa‐
tion of individual components, can be found in the appropriate
Workshop Manual.
1.2 ESD (electrostatic discharge) workplace
-VAS 6613-
♦ The ESD (electrostatic discharge) workplace -VAS 6613- is
designed for preventing damage to electronic components
due to static discharge.
♦ Therefore it is possible to perform repairs on extremely sen‐
sitive electronic components and open printed circuit boards.
♦ Details on repairs which must be performed on the ESD (elec‐
trostatic discharge) workplace -VAS 6613- can be found in the
relevant chapter of the a ppropriate Workshop Manual "Elec‐
trical system".
– For setting up the ESD (electrostatic discharge) workplace,
place the ESD table mat -3- from -VAS 6613- on a dry and
clean table.
– Connect earthing module -2- to one of the snap fasteners on
ESD table mat.
– Then proceed by plugging in connector adapter -1- of earthing
module with adapting connector to an electrical mains socket
equipped with earthing contact or attach crocodile clip to build‐
ing earth strap or water pipe.
– Connect wrist strap -4- to one of the snap fasteners on mat.
– Put on wrist strap directly on wrist – never on sleeve of shirt or
jacket.
Caution
For repairs on extremely sensitive electronic components and
open printed circuit boards always use nonmagnetic tools, e.g.
socket wrench -T10072- .
73
1. Repairing wiring harnesses and electrical connectors