Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi A4 2001 ➤ , Au ...
Electrical system; General information - Edition 10.2010
– Once battery has been fully charged ⇒ Battery charger oper‐
ating instructions , disconnect charging clamps „+“ and „–“ of
battery charger from battery.
– Unplug mains connector of battery charger.
6.2 Totally discharged battery
♦ Batteries that have not been used for an extended period of
time, e.g. in vehicles that have been stored, self-discharge.
♦ A battery is considered to be totally discharged if the no-load
voltage has dropped below 11.6 V. Initial battery damage can
occur below 12.2 V (if vehicle has been stored for a longer
period).
♦ On vehicles without battery monitor control unit -J367- or en‐
ergy management control unit -J644- , measure no-load volt‐
age ⇒ page 25 .
♦ On vehicles with battery monitor control unit -J367- or energy
management control unit -J644- , perform battery test using
vehicle diagnostic tester ⇒ page 29 .
♦ In a totally discharged battery the electrolyte (sulphuric acid/
water mixture) is reduced to almost all water, as the sulphuric
acid content is heavily reduced.
♦ Totally discharged batteries become sulphated, i.e. the entire
battery plate surfaces harden. The electrolyte has a slightly
milky appearance (instead of being clear).
♦ If discharged batteries are charged directly after being dis‐
charged, the sulphation dissipates.
♦ If this is not done, the plates become even harder and the bat‐
tery's ability to absorb charge is impaired. This results in
reduced power output.
Procedure
• Battery temperature must be at least +10 °C.
WARNING
Risk of explosion due to a discharged battery with „magic eye“.
♦ The battery must NOT be checked or charged if the indi‐
cator of the „magic eye“ is colourless or yellow. Do NOT
boost start the vehicle. There is a risk of explosion when
checking or charging the battery or boost starting the ve‐
hicle. The battery must be renewed.
Caution
Totally discharged batteries: Danger of freezing.
♦ Totally discharged batteries may freeze even at temper‐
atures only slightly below zero, causing the housing to
burst.
♦ Never re-use frozen batteries.
Totally discharged batteries (that are also sulphated) must be
charged as follows using a low charging current:
– Set charging current to approx. 5 % of battery capacity, i.e. for
a 60 Ah battery charging current is approx. 3 A.
38
Rep. gr.27 - Starter, current supply, CCS