Audi TT 2007 ➤
Electrical system - Edition 11.2010
Headlight adjustment
• The horizontal light-dark border should coincide with the set‐
ting line -1- of the test surface on the headlight adjustment unit.
• The break-away point -2- between the horizontal section of the
light-dark border on the left and the rising section on the right
should coincide with the vertical line running through the cen‐
tral point -3-. The bright spot in the centre of the beam should
be to the right of the vertical line.
Note
♦ To make it easier to find the break-away point -2-, cover and
uncover the left half of the headlight (as seen in direction of
travel) a few times. Then check dipped beam again.
♦ If dipped beams have been adjusted correctly the centre point
of the main beam should lie on central point -3-.
♦ If using an old test screen with a 15° setting line, the adjust‐
ment procedure is the same as for the test screen without a
15° setting line. Disregard the 15° setting line -arrow- to avoid
incorrect settings.
– Before adjusting height of headlight, use adjuster screw -1- to
position light-dark border below setting line.
– Then adjust light-dark border to setting line from below.
– Turn adjuster screw -2- for lateral adjustment.
Note
The arrangement on the right headlight is symmetrically opposite.
– Versions equipped with gas discharge headlights: After com‐
pleting headlight adjustment, end „Basic setting“, switch off
ignition and unplug diagnostic connector.
7.2 Adjusting headlights - USA vehicles
Requirements for checking and adjusting
• Tyre pressure OK
• Headlight lenses must be clean and dry.
• Headlight lenses must not be damaged.
• Reflectors and bulbs OK
• Vehicle correctly loaded.
Vehicle loading: driver's seat occupied, otherwise vehicle unloa‐
ded (unladen weight).
• One person or 75 kg.
The unladen weight is the weight of the vehicle ready for operation
with full fuel tank including the weight of all equipment normally
carried.
• Fuel tank: at least 90% full.
108
Rep. gr.94 - Lights, bulbs, switches - exterior