Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi A4 2001 ➤ , Au ...
Electrical system; General information - Edition 10.2010
2.5 Checking electrolyte level in battery
Procedure
The correct electrolyte level is an important factor in ensuring long
battery service life.
WARNING
Risk of injury when handling electrolyte.
♦ Observe safety instructions when handling battery elec‐
trolyte ⇒ page 2 .
♦ Wear eye protection and protective clothing ⇒ page 3 .
Risk of explosion due to naked flames, fires and smoking.
♦ Use only an electric hand torch to illuminate the inside of
the battery housing.
♦ Never illuminate the inside of the battery housing with a
naked flame.
♦ Never bring a naked flame or a burning cigarette into the
vicinity of the battery.
– If the „min“ and „max“ marks are visible on the outside of the
battery, only perform an external visual inspection.
• The electrolyte level must be above the „min“ mark, but may
not exceed the „max“ mark.
– If it is difficult to detect the „min“ and „max“ marks on the out‐
side of the battery or they cannot be seen through the battery
housing , unscrew the sealing plugs.
– Check the electrolyte level by making a visual inspection of the
inside of the battery.
• The electrolyte level must coincide with the internal level mark
(plastic moulding). This corresponds to the „max“ marking on
the outside.
Caution
Risk of corrosion due to escaping electrolyte.
♦ The battery openings must be fitted with the correct type
of genuine sealing plugs to ensure proper sealing of the
battery cover (different types). Only use genuine sealing
plugs of the same type when renewing missing or dam‐
aged sealing plugs.
♦ The plugs must be fitted with an O-ring.
♦ If the electrolyte level is too low, the battery must be re‐
newed. Do not top up with distilled water.
– Screw sealing plugs of battery cells back in again.
2.6 Measuring relative density of electrolyte
in all battery cells
Special tools and workshop equipment required
7
2. Non maintenance-free batteries (without „magic eye“)