Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi A4 2001 ➤ , Au ...
Electrical system; General information - Edition 10.2010
WARNING
Carrying out repair work to wiring for pyrotechnic components
incorrectly (for example on airbags, belt tensioners) will cause
a malfunction in passenger protection systems.
♦ To maintain the repair standards required by the Audi fac‐
tory, repairs to wiring for pyrotechnic components may
only be performed on the in-vehicle wiring using wiring
harness repair set -VAS 1978 B- and genuine replace‐
ment parts (connector housings, contacts, wiring).
♦ Wires on the individual airbag units must NOT be repaired.
♦ If wires or connectors on airbag units are damaged, the
corresponding airbag units must be renewed for safety
reasons.
♦ Do not repair wiring for pyrotechnic components at more than
two repair locations. Repair locations increase the resistance
in wiring and can be the cause of faults in the system's self-
diagnosis.
♦ Repairs in the area around pyrotechnic components should
not be performed more than 30 cm from the nearest connector
housing. This procedure and the marking with the yellow ad‐
hesive tape ensure that previous repairs can be easily identi‐
fied.
♦ The two wires going to the airbag igniters have a twist length
specification of 20 ± 5 mm. This twist length must always be
observed when repairing twisted wires.
♦ When performing repair work, both wires to the airbag igniters
must be of the same length. When twisting the wires
-1 and 2-, the twist length specification -A- = 20 mm must be
met.
♦ When making repairs, there must be no untwisted section of
wire which is longer than -B- = 100 mm, e.g. in the vicinity of
crimp connectors -arrow-.
♦ Repair operations must be recorded in the Audi Service
Schedule under „Workshop entries“ with a brief outline of the
repair work co mpleted, company stamp and signature.
♦ Any warranty claims made under the AUDI AG factory war‐
ranty are invalid if airbag wiring harness repairs have not been
performed using genuine replacement parts and wiring har‐
ness repair set -VAS 1978 B- .
1.5 Repairing CAN bus wiring
Note
♦ Observe general information on repairs to the vehicle electri‐
cal system ⇒ page 72 .
♦ Observe notes on repairing wiring harnesses and connectors
⇒ page 74 including marking repair locations.
75
1. Repairing wiring harnesses and electrical connectors