Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi A4 2001 ➤ , Au ...
Electrical system; General information - Edition 10.2010
Explanatory notes on battery symbols
1 - Fires, sparks, naked flames and smoking are prohibited
when handling batteries. Avoid sparks and static discharge
when handling wires and electrical equipment. To avoid
short circuits, never place tools on the battery.
2 - Wear eye protection when working on the battery.
3 - Keep children away from acid and batteries.
4 - Disposal: Old batteries are hazardous waste. They are only
to be disposed of at an official collection point; all legal re‐
quirements must be observed.
5 - Do not dispose of old batteries with household waste.
6 - There is a risk of explosion when handling batteries. A highly
explosive gas mixture is given off when batteries are under
charge.
7 - Observe the instructions on the battery, in the Workshop
Manual „Electrical system; General information“ and in the
Owner's Manual.
8 - Danger of acid burns: Electrolyte is highly corrosive; pro‐
tective gloves and eye protection should therefore always
be worn when working on the battery. Do NOT tilt the battery
as electrolyte can leak out of the gas vents.
WARNING
Risk of injury due to electrolyte.
♦ Can cause severe injury to the eyes, skin and mucous
membranes.
♦ Inhalation can damage the respiratory system.
♦ Swallowing is harmful to the digestive system.
♦ First aid: Rinse eyes and immediately consult first aid sta‐
tion or inform doctor.
♦ Never tilt battery. Acid can leak out of the gas vents.
♦ Soak up spilt electrolyte with binding agent and neutralise
any residual electrolyte. Use e.g. soap solution for neu‐
tralising.
♦ Never allow electrolyte to come into contact with hands.
♦ Avoid contact with skin.
♦ Never touch mouth, nose or eyes with soiled hands.
♦ Immediately change any clothing affected by electrolyte
and place in water if necessary.
♦ Do not eat, drink or store foodstuffs at workplace.
♦ Wash thoroughly before breaks and on completion of
work.
2
Rep. gr.27 - Starter, current supply, CCS