Audi TT 2007 ➤
Fuel supply system, petrol engines - Edition 11.2010
2 General repair instructions
2.1 Rules for cleanliness
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. When work‐
ing on the fuel supply system and injection system, pay careful
attention to the following basic rules:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open pipes/lines and connections immediately with
clean plugs, e.g. from engine bung set -VAS 6122- .
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Do not use fluffy cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do n o t use parts
that have been previously unpacked and stored away loose
(e.g. in toolboxes, etc.).
♦ When the system is open: Do not work with compressed air.
Do not move the vehicle unless absolutely necessary.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
2.2 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if unsuitable fasteners are used (e.g.
bolts, nuts, washers, etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
used.
Additionally, all rubber and plastic parts and all adhesives are
made of non-conductive materials.
Always install new parts if you are not sure whether used parts
can be re-fitted ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Note the following:
♦ We recommend using only genuine replacement parts; these
have been tested and are compatible with aluminium.
♦ We recommend the use of Audi accessories.
♦ Damage caused by contact corrosion is not covered under
warranty.
2.3 Test conditions
• Battery voltage at least 12.5 V.
• Fuel pump fuse OK ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault
finding and Fitting locations.
• Fuel pump control unit -J538- OK; checking via „Guided Fault
Finding“ ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051.
• Fuel pump relay -J17- OK ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical
fault finding and Fitting locations.
• Fuel tank at least 1/4 full.
4
Rep. gr.00 - Technical data