Audi TT 2007 ➤
Fuel supply system, petrol engines - Edition 11.2010
9.5 Tank leak diagnostic system
Function
The tank leak diagnostic system detects leaks in the entire fuel
system, including the fuel tank, activated charcoal filter and acti‐
vated charcoal filter solenoid valve 1 -N80- .
The mechanical components of the tank leak diagnostic system
consist primarily of a vacuum-driven diaphragm pump, with a reed
contact located on the operating rod of the pump diaphragm. The
vacuum required is supplied to the pump from the mechanical
vacuum pump or from the engine intake.
♦ The diaphragm pump delivers a pressure of 20 ... 30 mbar to
the fuel system when the tank leak diagnostic system starts
up. In this condition the pump diaphragm is extended, so the
reed contact located on the operating rod is in the „open“ po‐
sition.
♦ The diagnostic system detects whether the reed contact re‐
mains open for 15 seconds. In this case the fuel system is free
of leaks.
♦ If the pressure drops (indicating a leak), the diaphragm returns
and the reed contact closes.
♦ If the reed contact closes within 15 seconds, a further test is
performed. The diaphragm pump is then activated for another
4 strokes. For each of these strokes the engine control unit
measures the period of time it takes for the reed contact to
close again after pressure delivery. In this way the control unit
can distinguish between a „small leak“ (smaller than 1 mm di‐
ameter) and a „large leak“.
The automatic diagnosis function is activated shortly after every
cold start (below 35°C) when the vehicle reaches a constant
speed above 10 km/h. Any faults detected are stored in the mem‐
ory. A fault message is displayed in the instrument cluster if the
fault is detected during two consecutive road trips. The diagnosis
function can also be activated with the vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system -VAS 5051B- ⇒ page 102 .
Note
♦ The diagnosis can be repeated up to 10 times during the first
20 minutes after a cold start.
♦ By selecting measured value block 071 with vehicle diagnos‐
tic, testing and information system -VAS 5051B- connected,
you can see whether the automatic tank leak diagnosis is be‐
ing performed ⇒ page 102 .
9.6 Performing tank leak diagnosis
Check the fuel tank leak diagnosis system using the „Guided Fault
Finding“ function ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051.
Checking fuel tank system and tank breather system for leaks
Note
The following locations/components must be checked when
checking the fuel tank system and tank breather system for leaks.
Initiate a tank leak diagnosis after eliminating a suspected leak to
make sure the diagnosed leak has been eliminated.
102
Rep. gr.20 - Fuel supply system