Audi TT 2007 ➤
Fuel supply system, petrol engines - Edition 11.2010
1.2 Working on vehicles with start/stop sys‐
tem
When performing repairs on vehicles with start/stop system, note
the following:
WARNING
Risk of injury due to automatic engine start on vehicles with
start/stop system.
♦ On vehicles with activated start/stop system (this is indi‐
cated by a message in the instrument cluster display), the
engine may start automatically on demand.
♦ Therefore it is important to ensure that the start/stop sys‐
tem is deactivated when performing repairs (switch off
ignition, if required switch on ignition again).
1.3 Using testers and measuring instru‐
ments during a road test
Note the following if testers and measuring instruments have to
be used during a road test:
WARNING
Accidents can be caused if the driver is distracted by test
equipment while road-testing, or if test equipment is not prop‐
erly secured.
Persons sitting in the front passenger's seat could be injured if
the airbag is triggered in an accident.
• The use of test equipment while driving causes distraction.
• There is an increased risk of injury if test equipment is not
secured.
TT Coupé:
Test equipment must always be secured on the rear seat with
a strap and operated from the rear seat by a second person.
TT Roadster:
♦ Move the passenger's seat back as far as it will go.
♦ Use only vehicle diagnosis and service information sys‐
tem -VAS 5052 A- or diagnosis system -VAS 5053- .
♦ The test equipment -1- must rest flat on the passenger's
thighs (as shown in illustration) and must be operated by
the passenger.
1.4 Removing and installing components
from a full or partly full fuel tank
When removing and installing components from a full or partly full
fuel tank, note the following:
♦ Fuel tank must not be full. The amount of fuel which can be
left in the fuel tank is indicated in the corresponding procedure
description. Drain the tank if necessary. Procedure on vehicles
with front-wheel drive ⇒ page 7 , on vehicles with four-
wheel drive ⇒ page 40 .
2
Rep. gr.00 - Technical data