Audi TT 2007 ➤
Fuel supply system, diesel engines - Edition 06.2010
1.2 Using testers and measuring instru‐
ments during a road test
Note the following if testers and measuring instruments have to
be used during a road test:
WARNING
Accidents can be caused if the driver is distracted by test
equipment while road-testing, or if test equipment is not prop‐
erly secured.
Persons sitting in the front passenger's seat could be injured if
the airbag is triggered in an accident.
• The use of test equipment while driving causes distraction.
• There is an increased risk of injury if test equipment is not
secured.
♦ Test equipment must always be secured on the rear seat
with a strap and operated from the rear seat by a second
person.
1.3 Working on vehicles with start/stop sys‐
tem
When performing repairs on vehicles with start/stop system, note
the following:
WARNING
Risk of injury due to automatic engine start on vehicles with
start/stop system.
♦ On vehicles with activated start/stop system (this is indi‐
cated by a message in the instrument cluster display), the
engine may start automatically on demand.
♦ Therefore it is important to ensure that the start/stop sys‐
tem is deactivated when performing repairs (switch off
ignition, if required switch on ignition again).
1.4 Removing and installing components
from a full or partly full fuel tank
When removing and installing components from a full or partly full
fuel tank, note the following:
♦ Fuel tank must not be full. The amount of fuel which can be
left in the fuel tank is indicated in the corresponding procedure
description. Drain fuel tank if necessary ⇒ page 6 .
♦ Before commencing work, switch on exhaust extraction sys‐
tem and place an extraction hose close to the sender opening
in the fuel tank to extract escaping petrol fumes. If no exhaust
extraction system is available, a radial fan with a displacement
of at least 15 m3/h can be used (the fan motor must be clear
of the air stream).
♦ Avoid skin contact with fuel. Wear fuel-resistant gloves.
1.5 Removing and installing fuel tank
♦ Fuel tank must be empty to reduce weight. Drain fuel tank if
necessary ⇒ page 6 .
2
Rep. Gr.00 - Technical data