Audi TT 2007 ➤
Fuel supply system, diesel engines - Edition 06.2010
2 General repair instructions
Overview
♦ ⇒ “2.1 Rules for cleanliness when working on fuel supply sys‐
tem and injection system”, page 3
♦ ⇒ “2.2 Test conditions”, page 3
♦ ⇒ “2.3 Contact corrosion!”, page 3
2.1 Rules for cleanliness when working on
fuel supply system and injection system
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. For this rea‐
son, please observe the following rules when working on the fuel
supply system and injection system:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open pipes/lines and connections immediately with
clean plugs, e.g. from engine bung set -VAS 6122- .
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Use only lint-free cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have not been stored in their packing (e.g. in tool boxes
etc.).
♦ When the system is open, do not work with compressed air
and do not move the vehicle.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
2.2 Test conditions
• Battery voltage at least 12.5 V
• Fuel pump fuse OK ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault
finding and Fitting locations.
• Fuel pump relay -J17- OK ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical
fault finding and Fitting locations.
• Fuel pump control unit -J538- Ok; checking in Guided Fault
Finding ⇒ vehicle diagnostic tester .
• Fuel tank at least 1/4 full.
• Fuel filter OK.
• Fuel lines OK (not obstructed or crushed).
2.3 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if unsuitable fasteners are used (e.g.
bolts, nuts, washers, etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
used.
Additionally, all rubber and plastic parts and all adhesives are
made of non-conductive materials.
3
2. General repair instructions