TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
Green States receive California-certified vehicles for passenger
cars and light trucks up to 6,000 lbs. GVWR. Starting in the 2004
MY, Federal vehicle over 8,500 lbs. will start phasing in OBD-II.
Starting in 2004 MY, gasoline-fueled medium duty passenger ve‐
hicles are required to have OBD-II. Federal OBD-II applies to all
gasoline engine vehicles up to 8,500 lbs. GVWR starting in the
1996 MY and all diesel engine vehicles up to 8,500 lbs. GVWR
starting in the 1997 MY.
OBD-II system implementation and operation is described in the
remainder of this document.
1.4 Malfunction Indicator Lamp Illumination
If the engine control module (ECM) recognizes a malfunction that
leads to increased emission values, it indicates them by illumi‐
nating the malfunction indicator lamp (MIL) which is located in the
instrument cluster.
The ECM switches on the MIL after the ignition is switched on.
Shortly after the engine is started, the MIL goes out if the ECM
does not detect a malfunction that increases the emission values.
If the ECM recognizes a malfunction that leads to increased emis‐
sions during the operation of the engine, the ECM switches on
the MIL and an entry is stored in the DTC memory of the ECM.
1.5 Controller Area Network Data Link
The engine control module (ECM) communicates with data bus
capable control modules via a CAN Data Link.
The data bus capable control modules are connected via data bus
wires, which are twisted together (CAN high and CAN low), and
exchange information with the ECM. Missing or implausible in‐
formation on the data bus is recognized and stored as a malfunc‐
tion based on specific DTC criteria.
The malfunction indicator lamp (MIL) is illuminated as a result of
a CAN message sent by the ECM. The MIL can be turned on,
turned off, or blink, depending on the message received.
1.6 Electronic Power Control Warning Lamp
The engine control module (ECM) monitors electronic power con‐
trol (EPC) components when the ignition is switched on.
If a malfunction is recognized in the EPC system, the ECM
switches on the EPC warning lamp, which is located in the in‐
strument cluster, and an entry is stored in the DTC memory of the
ECM.
4
Rep. Gr.ST - Generic Scan Tool