Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
♦ Pyrotechnic components should be installed immediately after
removing them from their packaging.
♦ If the work is interrupted, the pyrotechnic component should
again be placed in its packaging.
♦ The pyrotechnic component must never be left unattended.
♦ When connecting pyrotechnic components of the restraint
system, there should be no-one in the vehicle other than the
person performing the work.
♦ Pyrotechnic components must never be treated with grease,
cleaning agents or similar.
♦ Always renew airbag unit if fabric is contaminated by oil,
grease, paint, solvent or similar.
♦ Pyrotechnic components must not be exposed to tempera‐
tures higher than 100 °C even for brief periods of time.
Special notes for driver's and front passenger's airbags
♦ Following removal, driver's and front passenger's airbag units
must be stored with the cushioned side facing upwards.
Always keep to the following sequence when renewing airbag
units:
1 - Remove old airbag unit and set it down with cushioned side
facing upwards.
2 - Take new airbag unit out of packaging and set it down with
cushioned side facing upwards.
3 - Immediately place old airbag unit in packaging.
4 - Install new airbag unit in vehicle.
Special notes for b e lt tensioners
♦ When removing and installing belt tensioners, proceed very
carefully. If belt tensioner units are not handled correctly, there
is an increased danger and injury risk.
♦ Belt tensioner units which are mechanically damaged (dents,
fractures) must always be renewed.
♦ Never point the open end of a belt tensioner at another person.
♦ When connecting the belt tensioner unit, all mechanical com‐
ponents (including those of the three-point seat belt) must be
secured properly. Should there not be enough space to con‐
nect the belt tensioner unit, the belt must be retracted com‐
pletely before connecting the tensioner unit. In this case, there
is no increased safety risk if you observe the safety precau‐
tions, i.e. most importantly the mechanic must disconnect the
battery and discharge static electricity before connecting the
belt tensioner unit.
♦ Depending on the accident, the belt tensioner might have been
triggered WITHOUT the belt force limiter being triggered.
These components must be handled in the same way as non-
ignited components.
1.2 Storing, transporting and disposing of
airbag units, belt tensioner units and
battery isolation units (pyrotechnic com‐
ponents)
♦ Storage must be in accordance with the statutory regulations
of the countries in question.
43
1. Safety regulations and test methods for pyrotechnic, electrical and mechanical components of the restraint system