TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
2 Description and Operation
Check for technical bulletins that may supersede any information
included in this manual.
Observe all safety precautions:
⇒ “1.1 Safety Precautions”, page 2
View clean working conditions:
⇒ “1.2 Clean Working Conditions”, page 3
Note
♦ All manufacturers special tools as well as common tools may
contain a manufacturer specific part number. These tools may
be substituted with an equivalent aftermarket tool or are avail‐
able for purchase through the manufacturer.
♦ Manufacturers special tools as well as common tools that con‐
tain a manufacturer specific part number may be referenced
in the test procedure illustrations showing the tool use or in‐
stallation. If the manufacturer specific tool is not being used,
an equivalent aftermarket tool may be installed in the same
manner as the manufacturers special tool.
⇒ “2.1 Fuel Supply System”, page 5
⇒ “2.2 Evaporative Emission System”, page 5
⇒ “2.3 Electronic Engine Power Control”, page 6
⇒ “2.4 Fuel Injection System”, page 6
⇒ “2.5 Engine Control Module”, page 6
⇒ “2.6 Exhaust System Components”, page 7
⇒ “2.7 Secondary Air Injection System”, page 7
⇒ “2.8 Ignition System”, page 7
⇒ “2.9 Automatic Transmission”, page 7
2.1 Fuel Supply System
For all fuel supply system component locations, removal/installa‐
tion pro c edures and torque specifications, refer to the service
manual.
2.2 Evaporative Emission System
The evaporative emission system has been designed to minimize
the release of hydrocarbons from the fuel system into the atmos‐
phere. The evaporative system components all work together with
the ECM to prevent fuel vapor from escaping and route it to the
intake manifold to be burned during normal combustion.
The leak detection system checks the integrity of the evaporative
emission system by pressurizing system.
♦ When leak detection is activated, a pump pressurizes the
evaporative system.
♦ During the leak diagnosis, the system is monitored for a spe‐
cific time period. If the pressure does not drop a specific
amount during the time period, the system is considered to be
sealed.
♦ If the pressure drops greater than a specified amount during
a specific time period, the system is pressurized once more.
The engine control module measures the time until the pres‐
5
2. Description and Operation