General InformationBody Repairs, General Body Repairs - Edition 10.2007
2.7 Air conditioner
No welding, brazing or soldering may be performed on parts of
the charged air conditioner system. This also applies to any other
part of the vehicle if there is a risk that parts of the air conditioner
system could heat up. When performing paintwork repairs, the
vehicle must not be heated to more than 80° C in the drying booth
or preliminary heating zone, because heat causes a pressure in‐
crease which can burst the air conditioner system.
Note
The refrigerant must also be extracted from the circuit when arc-
welding anywhere near the refrigerant hoses. Arc-welding emits
invisible ultraviolet rays which can penetrate the refrigerant hoses
and decompose the refrigerant.
Remedy:
Extract refrigerant from circuit ⇒ Workshop Manual: Air condi‐
tioner with refrigerant R134a .Only extract refrigerant if this is
necessary for safety reasons.
If vehicle repairs necessitate extraction of the refrigerant, take
care to avoid contact with liquid refrigerant or refrigerant vapours.
Wear rubber gloves to protect the hands and goggles to protect
the eyes! If the refrigerant comes into contact with unprotected
parts of the body it will cause frostbite.
WARNING
It is recommended that you always have an eye-bath ready for
use in case it is needed. If liquid refrigerant comes into contact
with the eyes, rinse the eyes thoroughly with water for about
15 minutes.
Then apply eye drops and consult a doctor immediately even
if the eyes are not causing any pain. The doctor must be in‐
formed that the frostbite was caused by refrigerant R134a.
If the refrigerant comes into contact with other parts of the body
despite compliance with safety measures, the part of the body
concerned must be rinsed immediately with cold water for at
least 15 minutes.⇒ Workshop Manual: Air conditioner with re‐
frigerant R134a
Although the refrigerant does not pose a fire risk, smoking is pro‐
hibited in rooms where there are refrigerant vapours. The high
temperature of a burning cigarette causes chemical decomposi‐
tion o f the refrigerant gas. Inhaling the toxic products of decom‐
position can cause a dry cough and nausea.
2.8 Airbag system
Notes on servicing ⇒ Body Repairs; Rep. Gr. 69
When working on the airbag system and when performing
straightening work during body repairs the battery earth strap
must be disconnected.
5
2. Safety notes