Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
♦ Remaining lateral acceleration sensors (if anchorage points
around sensor have become deformed)
If side airbag(s) has/have been triggered, also renew:
♦ Pressure sensors on the side on which the airbag was trig‐
gered
♦ Lateral acceleration sensors on the side on which airbag was
triggered
♦ Cover
♦ Padding
♦ Folding rear seat backrest: side padding (if fitted)
♦ Remaining lateral acceleration sensors (if anchorage points
around sensor have become deformed)
Additionally:
♦ All automatic belt retractors with belt tensioners which have
been triggered
♦ All automatic belt retractors with belt force limiters (depending
on equipment version) which have been triggered
– If you suspect that belt tensioner(s) and/or belt force limiter(s)
has/have been triggered, connect a suitable vehicle diagnos‐
tic, testing and information system such as the vehicle diag‐
nostic, testing and information system -VAS 5051B- .
– In „15 - Airbag“ of the »Guided Fault Finding« function, check
whether there is an entry recording a crash in the airbag con‐
trol unit.
– Check whether at the same time the fault „Resistance too high“
is entered for belt tensioner(s) and/or belt force limiter(s). Belt
tensioner(s) and/or belt force limiter(s) which have been trig‐
gered must fulfil both conditions. Condition: The airbag control
unit has not yet been renewed.
Note
♦ The fault „Resistance too high“ can also be entered if there is
an open circuit. In this case, there should usually be no crash
entry.
♦ Depending on the accident, the belt tensioner might have been
triggered without the belt force limiter being triggered. In this
case, observe the disposal regulations for pyrotechnic com‐
ponents ⇒ page 43 .
♦ Also observe the notes on checking seat belts ⇒ page 49 .
♦ Triggered belt force limiters can be identified by the following
characteristics:
♦ The pin -1- and the lug -3- have come out of the housing of the
belt force limiter on the automatic belt retractor.
♦ The tab -2- is no longer in a vertical position, but is facing out‐
wards at an angle.
– If components of the belt system are removed following an
accident, renew the bolts for the belt system.
– In addition, the following must also be renewed if necessary
(visual check): all damaged components
48
Rep. gr.69 - Passenger protection