TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
⇒ “1.1 Safety Precautions”, page 2
⇒ “1.2 Clean Working Conditions”, page 3
⇒ “1.3 On Board Diagnostic Systems”, page 3
⇒ “1.4 Malfunction Indicator Lamp Illumination”, page 4
⇒ “1.5 Controller Area Network Data Link”, page 4
⇒ “1.6 Electronic Power Control Warning Lamp”, page 4
1.1 Safety Precautions
Check for Technical Bulletins that may supersede any information
included in this manual.
WARNING
Failure to follow these instructions may result in personal injury
or possible death.
Check the Technical Bulletins for information, cautions and
warnings that may supersede or supplement any information
included in this manual.
When performing the drive cycle operation, pay strict attention
to driving conditions and observe and obey all posted speed
limits.
Test equipment must always be secured to the rear seat and
operated by a second person. If test and measuring equipment
is operated from the passenger seat, the person seated could
be injured in the event of an accident involving deployment of
the passenger-side airbag.
The fuel system is under pressure! Before opening the fuel
system, place rags around the connection area. Then release
pressure by carefully loosening the connection.
The engine section of the fuel system, after the high pressure
pump, is under extremely high pressure! When working on en‐
gine or fuel injection system, fuel pressure must be relieved to
residual pressure before opening high pressure components.
Refer to the Service Manual for the proper procedure.
If the battery has not been disconnected, the fuel pump fuse
must be removed before opening the fuel supply system as the
fuel pump may be activated by the driver's door contact switch.
Testing of the EVAP and ORVR systems can result in the es‐
cape of explosive fuel vapor. Do not smoke while testing the
EVAP system, and make sure the area you are working in is
well ventilated.
Observe the following for all procedures, especially in the en‐
gine compartment due to lack of room:
♦ Route lines of all types ( e .g. for fuel, hydraulic, EVAP can‐
ister system, coolant and refrigerant, brake fluid, vacuum)
and electrical wiring so that the original path is followed.
♦ Watch for sufficient clearance to all moving or hot com‐
ponents.
♦ Do not touch or disconnect the Ignition Coils, ignition
wires, connecting parts or adapter cables when the igni‐
tion is on or the engine is running or turning at starting
RPM.
♦ Only disconnect and reconnect wires for injection and ig‐
nition system, including test leads, when the ignition is
turned off.
When removing and installing components from full or partially
full fuel tanks, observe the following:
2
Rep. Gr.ST - Generic Scan Tool
♦ The fuel tank must only be partially full. How much fuel can
remain in the fuel tank may be read in the respective work
description. Empty the fuel tank if necessary.
♦ Before starting work, switch on the exhaust extraction sys‐
tem and place an extraction hose close to the installation
opening of the fuel tank to extract escaping fuel fumes. If
no exhaust extraction system is available, a radial fan (as
long as motor is not in air flow) with a displacement greater
than 15 m3 /h can be used.
♦ Prevent fuel from contacting the skin! Wear fuel-resistant
gloves!
When servicing the engine control module (ECM), it may be
necessary to use a heat gun. The heat gun, shear bolts, and
parts of the protective housing will become extremely hot. Use
extreme caution when working with or handling these parts to
avoid personal injury.
Observe operating instructions when working with a heat gun.
To prevent damage (burning) to the wiring and harness con‐
nections, insulation and the electronic components, perform
outlined work steps exactly!
The cooling system is under pressure. To avoid scalding, use
caution when opening the cooling system and servicing cooling
system components!