TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
Test requirement
• A CAN-Bus malfunction was recognized.
• The Engine Control Module (ECM) - J623- fuses OK.
• Battery voltage at least 12.5 volts.
• All electrical consumers such as, lights and rear window de‐
froster, switched off.
• Vehicles with automatic transmission, shift selector lever into
position “P” or “N”.
• A/C switched off.
• Ground connections between engine/transmission/chassis
OK.
• Ignition switched OFF.
Function
The Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- communicates with
other CAN-Bus capable control modules.
The control modules are connected by two data bus wires refer‐
red to as CAN High and CAN Low. The CAN bus allows the
exchange of information (messages) between the connected
modules. Messages that are missing data on the CAN bus are
recognized as a malfunction by the control module connected to
the CAN bus that received the invalid data .
Trouble-free operation of the CAN Bus requires that it have a
Terminal Resistance. This central Terminal Resistance is located
in the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- .
Test Procedure
– Perform a preliminary check to verify the customers complaint.
Refer to ⇒ “3.1 Preliminary Check”, page 8 .
– Disconnect the Data Bus On Board Diagnostic Interface -
J533- electrical harness connector.
Note
The Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- must remain connected
for the following step.
– Disconnect the Data Bus On Board Diagnostic Interface -
J533- electrical harness connector.
– Using a multimeter, check the Data Bus On Board Diagnostic
Interface -J533- electrical harness connector terminals 6 to 16
for the correct Terminal Resistance. Refer to Wiring Diagrams
for pin locations.
Specified value: 60 to 72 Ω (at approx. 20° C)
If the specified value was Not obtained:
Checking wiring
If the manufacturers test box is being used, perform the following
step.
– Install the test box.
If the manufacturers test box is not being used, perform the fol‐
lowing step.
– Remove the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- . Refer to
the Repair Manual.
196
Rep. Gr.ST - Generic Scan Tool