Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
• If you encounter difficulties when pulling belt out or retracting
it, first check whether position of automatic belt retractor has
changed.
• The second locking function is triggered if vehicle motion
changes (vehicle-dependent locking function).
Second check
WARNING
For safety reasons, test drive must be performed on a road with
no traffic to avoid putting other road users at risk.
– Fasten seat belt.
– Accelerate vehicle to 20 km/h and then press foot brake firmly
(emergency braking).
• If braking does not activate seat belt locking mechanism, re‐
new complete seat belt including belt buckle.
1.14 Visual inspection of belt buckle
– Inspect belt buckle for cracks and fracturing.
• If you identify any damage, renew complete seat belt including
belt buckle.
1.15 Functional check of belt buckle
Checking belt buckle
– Push latch plate into belt buckle until you hear it engage. Pull
belt firmly to check whether locking mechanism has engaged.
• Carry out test at least 5 times. If latch plate does not engage
properly in belt buckle in one or more of the tests, renew com‐
plete seat belt including belt buckle.
Checking release function:
– Release seat belt by pressing button on belt buckle. Latch
plate must be automatically ejected from belt buckle when belt
is slack.
• Carry out test at least 5 times. If latch plate is not ejected in
one or more of these tests, renew complete seat belt including
belt buckle.
WARNING
Under no circumstances apply lubricant to belt buckle to elim‐
inate noises or to stop buttons sticking.
1.16 Checking guide fittings and latch plate
When a seat belt has been under strain in an accident the plastic-
covered guides will show fine parallel scoring. (By contrast, a
guide fitting which is worn because of frequent use will have a
smoothly worn surface, but no scoring).
– Inspect for deformation, fracturing and cracks in the plastic.
• If you identify any scoring and/or damage, renew the complete
seat belt including the belt buckle.
51
1. Safety regulations and test methods for pyrotechnic, electrical and mechanical components of the restraint system