TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
Caution
The battery must only be disconnected and connected with the
ignition switched off. Otherwise, the engine control module
(ECM) can be damaged.
The use of nails, paper clips, or another unauthorized materials
to back-probe electrical harness connectors is strictly prohibi‐
ted and may cause damage to the electrical harness connec‐
tors, terminal ends or to a component. Use only the
manufacturers test lead kit or an equivalent aftermarket test
lead kit for back-probing all electrical harness connectors.
Do not use sealants containing silicone. Particles of silicone
drawn into the engine, will not be burnt in the engine and will
damage the oxygen sensors.
Secure all hose connections with the correct hose clips (the
same as original equipment).
If engine is to be cranked without starting, for example as part
of a compression test, remove the fuses for the voltage supply
of Ignition Coils and the fuel injector.
An electrostatic charge can lead to functional problems of elec‐
trical components of the engine, transmission and selector
lever mechanism. Touch a grounded object, e.g. a water pipe
or a hoist, before working on electrical components.
Do not make direct contact with electrical harness connector
terminals.
Use only gold-plated terminals when servicing any component
with gold-plated electrical harness connector terminals.
1.2 Clean Working Conditions
Even minor contaminations can lead to malfunctions in the fuel
injection system. When working on the fuel supply/injection sys‐
tem, pay careful attention to the following rules of cleanliness:
♦ Thoroughly clean all connections and the surrounding area
before disconnecting.
♦ Place removed parts on a clean surface and cover. Use lint-
free cloths.
♦ Carefully cover over opened components or seal, if repairs are
not performed immediately.
♦ When the system is open, do not work with compressed air.
Do not move vehicle unless absolutely necessary.
♦ Install clean components: Remove replacement parts imme‐
diately prior to installation. Do not use parts that have been
stored unpacked (e.g. in tool boxes etc.).
♦ Separate d electrical connectors: Protect from dirt and mois‐
ture. Ma k e sure connections are dry when reconnecting.
1.3 On Board Diagnostic Systems
California OBD-II applies to all gasoline engine vehicles up to
14,000 lbs. Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) starting in the
1996 MY and all diesel engine vehicles up to 14,000 lbs. GVWR
starting in the 1997 MY.
Several states in the northeastern United States have chosen to
adopt the California emission regulations starting in the 1998 MY
and are known as "Green States".
3
1. General Information