TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
Specified value: Battery voltage.
– Switch the ignition OFF.
If the specified value was Not obtained:
– Check the wiring for an open, high resistance, short circuit to
each other, or Ground.
– Check the electrical harness connector for damage, corrosion,
loose or broken terminals.
– If necessary, repair the faulty wiring connection.
If the specified value was obtained:
Checking Ground activation
If the manufacturers test box is being used, perform the following
step.
– Install the test box.
If the manufacturers test box is not being used, perform the fol‐
lowing step.
– Remove the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- . Refer to
the Repair Manual.
– Using a multimeter, check the Oxygen Sensor 02S) 1 (behind
Three Way Cataly t ic Converter (TWC)) Heater -Z29- electrical
harness connecto r terminal 2 to the Engine Control Module
(ECM) -J623- electrical harness connector T94 terminal for an
open circuit. Refer to Wiring Diagrams for pin locations.
Oxygen Sensor 02S) 1 (be‐ Engine Control Module (ECM) -
hind Three Way Catalytic J623- electrical connector T94
Converter (TWC)) Heater - terminal or test box socket
Z29- electrical harness con‐
nector terminal
2 7
Specified value: 1.5 Ω max.
If the specified value was Not obtained:
– Check the wiring for an open or high resistance.
– Check the electrical harness connector for damage, corrosion,
loose or broken terminals.
– If necessary, repair the faulty wiring connection.
If no malfunction is detected in the wiring and the voltage supply
was OK:
– Replace the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- . Refer to
the Repair Manual .
– Install the right vehicle floor cover.
Final procedures
After the repair work, the following work steps must be performed
in the following sequence:
1 - Check the DTC memory. Refer to
⇒ “3.3.3 Diagnostic Mode 03 - Read DTC Memory”,
page 14 .
2 - If necessary, erase the DTC memory. Refer to
⇒ “3.3.4 Diagnostic Mode 04 - Erase DTC Memory”,
page 15 .
3 - If the DTC memory was erased, generate readiness code.
Refer to ⇒ “3.2 Readiness Code”, page 8 .
159
3. Diagnosis and Testing