General InformationBody Repairs, General Body Repairs - Edition 10.2007
2 Safety notes
2.1 Removing components
Before the centre of gravity of the vehicle is changed substantially
by removing components, the vehicle must be properly secured
to the lifting platform.
2.2 Battery, welding operations
Before starting welding work, always detach both battery clamps
and cover battery terminals.
Always remove the vehicle battery before performing any work
which may generate sparks in the vicinity of the battery.
WARNING
Switch on ignition before connecting battery.
On vehicles with an electronic ignition lock the ignition must be
switched on before removing the battery ⇒ Workshop manual:
Electrical system, repair group 27 .
There mu s t be nobody in the vehicle when connecting the bat‐
tery!
2.3 Electronic control units
Connect the earth connection of the electric welding appliance
directly to the part which you are welding. When doing this, make
sure that there are no electrically insulating parts between the
earth connection and the welding point.
Earth connection and welding electrode must NOT make contact
with the electronic control units or the electrical wiring.
2.4 Procedure for electronic control units
following accident repairs
After an accident, the electronic control units only have to be re‐
newed in the following case:
♦ The functional test shows: “Control unit defective”.
If electronic components (e.g. ABS control unit) were removed in
order to carry out repair work and have now been re-installed,
they must be checked according to the documentation available.
Use the tester to interrogate the fault memory and eliminate any
faults found.
2.5 Paintwork, glass, upholstery, trim pan‐
els
No other vehicles may be parked unprotected in areas used for
body repairs. (Risk of fire due to flying sparks and risk of damage
to battery, paintwork or glass of other vehicles).
2.6 Fuel tank and fuel pipes
Take extreme care when performing sanding and welding work
near the tank or other components carrying fuel. If in doubt, al‐
ways remove these components.
4
2. Safety notes