General InformationBody Repairs, General Body Repairs - Edition 10.2007
8 Sheet steel repairs
8.1 Extra-high-strength body panels
Extra-high-strength steel body panels are increasingly being used
for Audi vehicles. For an overview of the areas in which these
steel panels are used refer to the illustration in the Body Repairs
workshop manual, repair group 00.
What are extra-high-strength steel panels?
They look the same as normal steel panels, but they have a higher
yield point than standard steel body panels due to the different
alloys which are used. In other words, when there is an equal
impact on the panel, the dent in an extra-high-strength steel body
panel will not be as deep as that in a standard steel body panel.
What has to be observed when removing dents?
Dents can be removed with the usual tools. Due to the greater
buckling strength, there is more bounce, so that more force may
be necessary. Material may rupture when kinks are re-formed.
What has to be observed when straightening panels using an
alignment jig or hydraulic press?
Due to the greater bounce of extra-high-strength steel, it has be
overstretched even more than standard steel to reach the desired
position. However, the greater force applied also increases the
stress placed on those parts made of standard steel which are
welded to the extra-high-strength steel parts. Additional anchor‐
ing is required to prevent the standard steel yielding or rupturing.
WARNING
♦ If extra-high-strength steel is overstretched, it will sudden‐
ly extend to a length greater than that required!
♦ For reasons of safety, it is not permitted to heat up extra-
high-strength body steel to reshape it. In this respect it is
no different to standard body steel!
♦ It is permissible to weld ultra-high-strength steel in ac‐
cordance with the Workshop Manual using the specified
separating cuts and welding methods.
What has to be observed when painting?
Extra-high-strength steel will expand if it is heated too quickly by
a radiant heater/drier. If, however, the panel is permanently con‐
nected by means of spot welds or bonding to reinforcing backing
elements, dents will form at these points and remain visible even
after cooling down. Radiant heaters/driers must therefore always
be turned up to full power gradually. Drying in a drying booth does
not present any problems.
What are ultra-high-strength hot-formed steel panels?
As the name suggests, these are steel panels which have been
hot-formed (at temperatures between 900 °C and 950 °C). A spe‐
cial cooling process in the forging tool provides the steel panels
with a high strength (quenched steel).
Using ultra-high-strength hot-formed steel panels makes it pos‐
sible to reduce the vehicle body weight without a loss of body
strength.
21
8. Sheet steel repairs