General InformationBody Repairs, General Body Repairs - Edition 10.2007
The welding current must not be increased for spot-weld bonding
operations. The pre-press period must be extended to about 30
– 50 cycles because of the displacement of the adhesive. Always
use a fume extractor.
Repair methods when replacing parts
Adhesive DA 001 730 A21 in conjunction with pneumatic glue gun
-V.A.G 2005- B is used as a substitute for the spot-weld adhesive.
Instructions for use
For simultaneous bonding and welding the procedures differ as
follows depending on type of welding (spot welding, shielded-arc
welding):
RP spot welding and bonding
When spot welding and bonding in repair cases, all spot-welded
and bonded joints made by the factory are replaced.
In the event of welding problems, e.g. if only the outer panel is
replaced on a three-layer panel joint, the spot welds are posi‐
tioned on the “old” spot welds.
Shielded-arc welding and bonding (if spot welding not possible)
If a bonding area is not accessible with an RP spot welding ap‐
pliance, apply a shielded-arc plug weld seam instead.
In such cases no adhesive is used in order to maintain the welding
quality. Distance between SG plug welds: 15 mm.
Shielded arc welding
The welding wire SG 2 is suitable for all types of steel.
For exceptions refer to the appropriate workshop manual, repair
group 00.
On vehicles with ultra-high-strength steel, spot weld devices with
inverter must be used (refer to catalogue for workshop equipment
and special tools).
Welding fume extraction
When spot welding in conjunction with spot weld adhesive, use
the normal extraction system which is employed for welding
galvanised panels.
Preparation
The body panels which are to be welded must be adapted to fit
before applying the adhesive.
When spot welding, the adhesive is dispersed over the bare metal
weld flanges, thus providing corrosion protection.
The bonding surfaces in the welding area must be free from pri‐
mer and remaining adhesive as well as dust and grease.
We recommend using vacuum suction blaster -VAS 6216- .
Supplementary work
– Wipe off adhesive emerging from joint.
– Corrosion protection measures ⇒ Surface Treatment / Chem‐
ical Materials Manual
– Painting ⇒ Surface Treatment / Chemical Materials Manual
Instructions for using DA 001 730 A1 / A2
♦ If adhesive comes out on both sides over the full length of the
joint, this indicates that sufficient adhesive has been applied.
19
7. Body - Bonded joints