TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
Procedure
– Connect the scan tool.
– Switch the ignition on.
– Select Diagnostic Mode 03: Interrogating fault memory.
– Then select Mode 4: Reset/delete diagnostic data.
The scan tool will display: Diagnostic data are being erased.
– Switch the ignition OFF.
3.3.5 Diagnostic Mode 05 - Read Oxygen
Sensor Monitoring Test Results
Note
Mode 05 may not be supported on all systems. On systems where
Diagnostic Mode 05 is not supported, refer to Diagnostic Mode 6
for oxygen sensor Monitoring Test Results.
Test requirement
Procedure
3.3.6 Diagnostic Mode 06 - Read Test Results
for Specific Diagnostic Functions
Diagnostic Mode 06 makes it possible to retrieve test results for
special components and systems which are continuously or not
continuously monitored. If the diagnosis of a system is complete,
the diagnostic result and the corresponding thresholds are saved
and displayed in mode 06. This data remains saved (even with
the ignition off) until either new diagnostic results becom e avail‐
able or the DTC memory is erased.
The min & max values for each individual test in Mode 06 repre‐
sent the min & max operating values for a properly operating
system. This data is provided to the individual aftermarket scan
tool companies for development of their scan tool. Depending on
the scan tool being used, the min & max values shown may vary,
or be rounded up or down to the nearest decimal point depending
on the aftermarket scan tool company's development process.
e.g.:
Minimum Value
GST manual documentation 0.3499
Aftermarket scan tool display 0.35
Note
Depending on the scan tool and protocol used, the information
displayed in diagnostic mode 06 may be referred to by different
names such as Test-ID (TID), Hex-ID, Component-ID (CID), or
On-Board Diagnostic Monitor Identifier (OBDMID).
Test requirements
• Exhaust system must be properly sealed between the catalytic
converter and the cylinder heads.
• No DTCs stored in the DTC memory.
• Coolant temperature at least 80° C.
16
Rep. Gr.ST - Generic Scan Tool