TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
• Vehicles with automatic transmission, shift selector lever into
position “P” or “N”.
• A/C switched off.
• Ground connections between engine/transmission/chassis
OK.
• Ignition switched Off.
Function
The Engine Control Module -J623- communicates with other
CAN-Bus capable control modules.
The control modules are connected by two Data Bus wires which
are twisted together (CAN High and CAN Low), and exchange
information (messages). Missing information on the CAN-Bus is
recognized as a malfunction by the Engine Control Module -J623-
and the other control modules connected to the CAN-Bus.
Trouble-free operation of the CAN-Bus requires that it have a ter‐
minal resistance. This central terminal resistance is located in the
Engine Control Module -J623- .
Test procedure
– Perform a preliminary check to verify the customers complaint.
Refer to ⇒ “3.1 Preliminary Check”, page 8
Start diagnosis
– Disconnect the Direct Shift Gearbox (DSG) Mechatronic -
J743- electrical harness connector.
Note
The Engine Control Module -J623- must remain connected for the
following step.
– Using a multimeter, check the Direct Shift Gearbox (DSG)
Mechatronic -J743- electrical harness connector terminals 10
to 15 for resistance.
Specified value: 60 to 72 Ω (at approx. 20° C)
If the specified value was obtained:
– Check the TCM power and grounds at the module. Refer to
the Wiring Diagram. If power or ground is lost, the TCM will
not communicate. Correct any power or ground fault before
replacement of any component.
If the TCM has power and ground present, Bus resistance was
OK and the TCM does not communicate:
– Replace the Direct Shift Gearbox (DSG) Mechatronic -J743- .
Refer to the Repair Manual.
If the specified Bus resistance was Not obtained:
– Remove the Engine Control Module -J623- . Refer to the Re‐
pair Manual.
– Using a multimeter, check the Direct Shift Gearbox (DSG)
Mechatronic -J743- electrical harness connector to the Engine
Control Module -J623- electrical harness connector T94 for
resistance.
198
Rep. Gr.ST - Generic Scan Tool