General InformationBody Repairs, General Body Repairs - Edition 10.2007
1.5 Separating cuts
Separating cuts affecting the fatigue strength of the body and
therefore also vehicle reliability and roadworthiness must be
made as instructed in the relevant Body Repairs workshop man‐
ual.
1.6 Body sub-parts and part sections
A “sub-part” is a section of a complete part (e.g. end section front
and rear), which is already cut to size when it is supplied by the
Parts Department.
– “Part sections” on the other hand must be cut to size from re‐
placement parts by the workshop itself. The methods to apply
in each case are described and illustrated in the workshop
manual on Body Repairs.
– As the use of “sub-parts”/“part sections” and special tools and
equipment has an influence on the time required, special tools
and equipment are listed separately in the description of repair
operations.
1.7 Original joint
The term “Original joint” refers to the joint which was made at the
time the vehicle was manufactured.
These joints must be restored when carrying out body repairs.
When doing this, ensure that no fewer than the standard number
of spot welds are made when carrying out repairs.
Repair methods and procedures which deviate from the original
joint are described in the appropriate Body Repairs workshop
manual.
1.8 Galvanised body parts
The use of fully galvanised panels ensures a high level of corro‐
sion protection for the body shell. To be able to maintain the
warranty guarantee against perforation rusting when performing
repairs, it is essential to comply with the procedures from
⇒ page 22 onwards.
WARNING
As the welding of galvanised sheet steel gives off toxic zinc
oxide in the welding fumes, the workshop must have efficient
ventilation and fume extraction, e.g. in the form of a welding
fume extractor -V.A.G 1586 A- .
1.9 Removing remaining material
If the damaged body part has been roughly cut out by making the
separating cuts shown in the relevant workshop manual, e.g. us‐
ing pneumatic hammer -V.A.G 1577- or pneumatic sabre saw -
V.A.G 1523 A- , most spot welds can be drilled out using the spot
weld breaker -V.A.G 1731- .
We also recommend using a parallel grinder and an angle grinder
to remove the weld joints which cannot be removed with the spot
weld breaker.
1.10 New parts
To provide corrosion protection, new parts which are no longer
accessible from inside once the repair has been completed (e.g.
side members) should be pre-painted from inside in the vehicle's
2
1. General notes