Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
1.9 Checking airbag mounting components
following an accident
It is essential to always renew all damaged mounting components
- it is not permissible to »reshape« or rework damaged compo‐
nents.
The following components must be checked after an airbag has
been triggered.
If front passenger's airbag has been triggered:
♦ Central tube for dash panel; it must be possible to install front
passenger's airbag supports and front passenger's airbag unit
so that they are free of stress. Otherwise central tube should
also be renewed.
♦ Check glove box for damage. Renew glove box if it is dam‐
aged.
If driver's airbag has been triggered:
♦ Steering wheel: Remove steering wheel and place it on a level
surface (resting on rim). The full area of the rim must lie flat. If
it does not, the steering wheel has to be renewed.
♦ Che c k steering wheel for smoke marks. Renew steering wheel
if su c h marks are found.
1.10 Accident in which no airbag was trig‐
gered
♦ Pyrotechnic components do not have to be renewed if airbag
warning lamp -K75- does not indicate a fault. The seat belts
must be checked separately.
1.11 Checking seat belts
WARNING
A systematic check of the seat belt system must be carried out
after every accident. If any damage is identified (see section
on points to check), the customer must be informed that one
or more of the seat belts have to be renewed.
Points to check:
♦ Check belt webbing ⇒ page 50 .
♦ Check automatic belt retractor (locking action) ⇒ page 50 .
♦ Visual inspection of belt buckle ⇒ page 51 .
♦ Functional check of belt buckle ⇒ page 51 .
♦ Check guide fittings and latch plate ⇒ page 51 .
♦ Check securing components and anchorage points
⇒ page 52 .
♦ Check child seat restraint function for additional child seats
(not for driver's seat belt) - country-specific version
⇒ page 52 .
Caution
If customers refuse to have damaged seat belts renewed, this
must be noted accordingly in the Service Schedule.
49
1. Safety regulations and test methods for pyrotechnic, electrical and mechanical components of the restraint system