Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
2.7 Modular wire routing versions
There are two modular wire routing versions:
♦ Modular Light ⇒ page 247
♦ Modular ⇒ page 247
»Modular Light« wire routing
The characteristic feature of the »Modular Light« version is that
only the side airbag wiring harness is laid in one section right
through to the connector point in the vehicle floor. There is no
additional connector (intermediate coupling) in the side airbag
wiring harness.
All other electrical and electronic components, for example the
seat occupied sensor, the head restraints with electric adjust‐
ment, the seat and backrest heaters and the electric backrest
adjuster feature an additional connector (intermediate coupling)
-1-, -2-, -3- on the underside of the upper seat pan frame.
4 - Clip
In the seat/connector point area, all wiring harnesses are laid in
a two-piece corrugated tube.
»Modular« wire routing
The characteristic feature of the »Modular« version is that all the
wiring harnesses of the electric and electronic components, for
example the side airbag, the seat occupied sensor, the bladder
system, the head restraints with electric adjustment, the seat and
backrest heaters and the electric backrest adjuster, are routed in
one section right through to the connector point in the vehicle
floor. There are no additional connectors (intermediate couplings)
in the wiring harnesses of the electrical and electronic compo‐
nents.
In the seat/connector point area, all wiring harnesses are laid in
a two-piece corrugated tube.
2.8 Modular wire routing with corrugated
tube at front seat
Special tools and workshop equipment required
♦ Removal wedge -3409-
General notes
The full sheathing for the entire wiring harness with fabric tape
between the seat pan and the connectors to the connector point
was discontinued with the introduction of the modular wire routing
(Modular Light/Modular). Instead, a two-shell corrugated tube is
used in which the individual wires are laid separately.
247
2. Front seats with manual adjustment