TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
If a malfunction is recognized during the drive cycle, it will be
stored in the DTC memory.
The OBD drive cycle operation will be monitored with a hand held
diagnostic tool. Consult the manufacturer's instruction manual for
correct tool operation.
The readiness code is erased every time the DTC memory is
erased or any time the battery is disconnected. If the DTC mem‐
ory has been erased or the battery is disconnected, a new read‐
iness code must be generated.
Only erase the DTC memory if a DTC has been stored.
General recommendations
Most monitors will complete easier and quicker using a “steady-
foot” and “smooth” acceleration during the drive cycle operation,
cruise, and acceleration modes.
Operating conditions
For the EVAP monitor test, the coolant temperature and the am‐
bient air temperature must be between 10° C and 35° C with a
difference between them no greater than 4° C. The ambient air
temperature must not change more than 4° C during the drive
cycle procedure (e.g. when driving out of a heated workshop in
the winter).
Test requirements
• Erase the DTC memory.
• Coolant temperature must be between 80° C and 110° C.
• The intake air temperature must be between 10° C and 35° C.
• Battery voltage must be a minimum of 12.5 volts.
• Fuel tank level 1/4 to 3/4 full.
Drive Cycle Procedure
– Connect the scan tool.
– Switch the ignition on and start the vehicle.
– Idle the vehicle for 2-3 minutes. This executes the O2 heater,
misfire, secondary air injection, fuel trim, and purge system
monitors.
– Drive the vehicle at 45-55 mph for a continuous 7 minute pe‐
riod - avoid stopping. This executes the evaporative, O2 sen‐
sor, fuel trim, and misfire monitors.
– Accelerate the vehicle to an engine speed of 5000 RPM; lift
off the throttle until the engine speed is around 1200 RPM.
This executes the fuel cut off.
– Accelerate the vehicle smoothly to 60-65 mph, cruise con‐
stantly for 5 min, this executes the catalyst; O2 sensor, misfire,
fuel trim, and purge system monitors.
– Decelerate and idle the vehicle again for 3 minutes. This ex‐
ecutes the misfire, secondary sir injection, fuel trim, and purge
system monitors.
– Check the status of the readiness code.
Note
Depending on the scan tool used. The readiness code status may
be displayed as complete, passed or OK.
9
3. Diagnosis and Testing