Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
1.4 Additional safety regulations for curtain
airbags
♦ Before carrying out any installation work always visually in‐
spect trim for damage.
♦ Trim repairs (A-pillar trim (top), B-pillar trim, C-pillar trim and
D-pillar trim) are not permitted.
♦ When installing, make sure that trim panels are fitted securely.
♦ When carrying out repairs behind the curtain airbag always
remove the complete unit.
♦ When removing and installing curtain airbag units, proceed
very carefully to prevent possible damage.
♦ After removal, store old curtain airbag units in their transport
containers or on a clean, level surface (on a blanket).
♦ After performing body repairs in area of curtain airbag, check
body for welding spatter, deformation and abrasion by com‐
paring with opposite side.
♦ It is important that you hold the gas generator at all times when
handling it (during transportation, removing and installing etc.)
until it has been bolted on.
♦ Never twist, turn, knot, throw, pull, hang, pinch, press or clamp
curtain airbag unit.
♦ It might be possible to fold it, as long as you are careful not to
damage it (and in particular its protective cover).
1.5 Sa fety regulations for crash sensors
(pressure sensors) for side airbag (front)
The crash sensors for side airbags are very sensitive to pressure
changes and must therefore be handled with great care. Please
note the following:
♦ Always observe correct installation position: ONLY install in
correct fitting location in door.
♦ Protect crash sensor from jolts and knocks. Crash sensors
which have been dropped must NOT be used. Remove crash
sensor to perform body repairs at door.
♦ The crash sensor is adapted to the air volume inside the door:
If the door is deformed, causing the air volume in the door to
be reduced, the function of the crash sensor will be impaired.
♦ Make sure the crash sensor is not badly soiled: Do not use
compressed air near the crash sensor. Protect the crash sen‐
sor against filings or drilling swarf (e.g. on service installation
of door loudspeakers). Do not use cavity sealant or oil sprays
near crash sensor.
♦ Protect against heat and cold: Protect crash sensor against
heat, e.g. when painting or carrying out other body work. Crash
sensors should never be exposed to temperatures of less than
–40 °C (e.g. in non-air-conditioned aircraft cargo holds).
♦ The crash sensor must be protected against moisture, both
during storage and when installing.
Make sure that the door is properly sealed when it is installed;
otherwise the crash sensor may not function correctly. Please
note the following:
♦ Make sure that all components (e.g. cover panel, loudspeaker,
door trim) are fitted correctly.
45
1. Safety regulations and test methods for pyrotechnic, electrical and mechanical components of the restraint system