General InformationBody Repairs, General Body Repairs - Edition 10.2007
1 General notes
1.1 Diagnosis of accident vehicles
When repairing accident vehicles, damage to the running gear or
engine/gearbox mountings, etc. is not always identified. This
sometimes leads to serious subsequent damage. If the accident
damage indicates a high impact load on the vehicle, special at‐
tention must be paid to the following components, completely
independent of the wheel alignment check which must always be
performed:
♦ Check to ensure that the steering assemblies and steering
linkage operate correctly over the complete lock-to-lock range.
Carry out a visu a l check for bent or cracked parts.
♦ Check for distortion or cracking of running gear and all running
gear components such as links, suspension strut, wheel bear‐
ing housing, anti-roll bar, subframe and axle beam, as well as
associated fastening elements.
♦ Examine rims and tyres for damage, eccentricity and imbal‐
ance. Examine tyres for cuts/slits etc. in tread and sidewalls
and check inflation pressure.
♦ Examine the engine/gearbox/axle/exhaust system mountings
for damage.
♦ Finally, a thorough road test after completing repairs will give
the assurance that the vehicle is completely roadworthy and
ready for handing back to the customer.
1.2 General notes on body repairs
The aim of the repair is always to restore the original joint.
The Workshop Manuals describe the standard repairs. They do
not include any descriptions of more complex repair jobs, as these
involve detaching the damaged parts at the original joint. If pos‐
sible the joining techniques as listed in section 8 can be applied.
All repair jobs involving special separating cuts and joining tech‐
niques which do not restore the original joint (as produced by
factory) have been checked and approved by the Technical De‐
velopment division in calculations, strength and crash tests.
1.3 Condition in which body and/or individ‐
ual parts must be delivered to paintshop
Before a repaired vehicle or part is handed over to the paintshop,
the surfaces which have been repaired or beaten-out and possibly
filled must be prepared for painting by rubbing them down with
abrasive paper (grade P 80 to P 100).
This preparatory work is part of the job of the sheet metal worker
and is included in the time he is allowed for the repair.
1.4 Straightening
In series production, body and floor sections are primarily manu‐
factured from cold-formed deep-drawn sheet metal panels. For
this reason, the straightening of areas damaged in an accident
should be carried out in the same manner.
If the extent of the damage makes it impossible to reform the part
as stated above, the damaged part should not be cut out until the
adjacent surfaces have been straightened.
1
1. General notes