Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
69 – Passenger protection
1 Safety regulations and test methods
for pyrotechnic, electrical and me‐
chanical components of the restraint
system
1.1 General safety regulations
Note
Pyrotechnic components are:
♦ Airbag units
♦ Belt tensioners
♦ Belt force limiters (depending on equipment version)
♦ Battery isolation elements (depending on equipment version)
General notes
♦ Testing, removing, installing and repair work may only be per‐
formed by qualified personnel.
♦ There are no specified intervals for renewing airbag units.
♦ Never perform tests with a test lamp, voltmeter or ohmmeter.
♦ Only check pyrotechnic components when they are installed
in the vehicle and always use suitable vehicle diagnostic, test‐
ing and information systems which have been approved by the
manufacturer.
♦ When working on pyrotechnic components and on the airbag
control unit -J234- always disconnect the battery earth strap
with the ignition SWITCHED ON. Subsequently cover nega‐
tive terminal.
♦ After disconnecting the battery, you must wait for 10 seconds.
♦ The battery must be connected with the ignition SWITCHED
ON. Make sure there is no one in the vehicle. Exception: Ve‐
hicles on which the battery is in the passenger compartment;
in this case, please keep away from the operating range of the
seat belts and airbags.
♦ Observe measures to be taken after connecting the battery ⇒
Electrical system; Rep. gr. 27 .
♦ Before handling pyrotechnic components of the restraint sys‐
tem (e.g. unplugging the electrical connector) the mechanic
must discharge static electricity, for example by briefly touch‐
ing grounded metal components such as the door striker plate.
♦ Always wash hands after handling pyrotechnic components of
the restraint system which have been triggered.
♦ Pyrotechnic components must not be opened or repaired; al‐
ways use new parts (risk of injury).
♦ Pyrotechnic components which have been dropped onto a
hard surface or which show signs of damage must not be used.
42
Rep. gr.69 - Passenger protection