TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
– Using a multimeter, check the Leak Detection Pump (LDP) --
V144-- electrical harness connector terminal 3 for voltage.
Connect the negative lead to engine ground.
– Start the engine.
Specified value: Battery voltage.
– Switch the ignition Off.
If the specified value was Not obtained:
– Using a multimeter, check the Leak Detection Pump (LDP) --
V144-- wiring from termin a l 3 to Fuse SB7. Refer to Wiring
Diagrams for pin locations .
Specified value: 1.0 Ω max.
If the specified value was Not obtained:
– Check the wiring for high resistance, short to ground or an
open circuit.
– Check the electrical harness connector for damage, corrosion,
loose or broken terminals.
– If necessary, repair the faulty wiring connection.
If the specified voltage was obtained:
Checking wiring
– Remove the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- . Refer to
the Repair Manual.
– Using a multimeter, check the Leak Detection Pump (LDP) --
V144-- electrical connector terminals to Engine Control Mod‐
ule (ECM) -J623- electrical connector terminals for an open
circuit or high resistance. Refer to Wiring Diagrams for pin lo‐
cations.
Leak Detection Pump (LDP) Engine Control Module (ECM) -
--V144-- electrical harness J623- electrical connector T94
connector terminal terminal or test box socket
1 40
2 10
Specified value: 1.0 Ω max.
If the specified value was Not obtained:
– Check the wiring for high resistance or an open circuit.
– Check the electrical harness connector for damage, corrosion,
loose or broken terminals.
– If necessary, repair the faulty wiring connection.
If no malfunction is found in wiring and the voltage supply was
OK:
– Replace the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- . Refer to
the Repair Manual.
Assembly is performed in the reverse order of the removal, note
the following:
– Install the right rear wheel housing liner. Refer to the Repair
Manual.
Final procedures
After the repair work, the following work steps must be performed
in the following sequence:
137
3. Diagnosis and Testing