TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
If the specified value was obtained:
Checking voltage supply
– Turn the ignition switch ON
– Using a multimeter, check the Oxygen Sensor (O2S) Heater -
Z19- electrical harness connector terminal 4 to engine ground
for voltage.
Specified value: Battery voltage.
– Switch the ignition OFF.
If the specified value was Not obtained:
– Check the wiring for an open, high resistance or short to
Ground and replace any open fuse.
– Check the electrical harness connector for damage, corrosion,
loose or broken terminals.
– If necessary, repair the faulty wiring connection.
If the specified value was obtained:
Checking Ground activation
– Remove the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- . Refer to
the Repair Manual .
– Using a multimeter, check the Oxygen Sensor (O2S) Heater -
Z19- electrical harness connector terminal 3 to the Engine
Control Module (ECM) -J623- electrical harness connector
T94 terminal 51 for an open circuit. Refer to Wiring Diagrams
for pin locations.
Heated Oxygen Sensor Engine Control Module (ECM) -
(HO2S) -G39- electrical har‐ J623- electrical connector T94
ness connector terminal terminal or test box socket
3 51
Specified value: 1.5 Ω max.
If the specified value was Not obtained:
– Check the wiring for an open, high resistance, short circuit to
each other, Battery (+) or Ground.
– Check the electrical harness connector for damage, corrosion,
loose or broken terminals.
– If necessary, repair the faulty wiring connection.
If no malfunction is detected in the wiring and if the voltage supply
was OK:
– Replace the Engine Control Module (ECM) -J623- . Refer to
the Repair Manual .
Final procedures
After the repair work, the following work steps must be performed
in the following sequence:
1 - Check the DTC memory. Refer to
⇒ “3.3.3 Diagnostic Mode 03 - Read DTC Memory”,
page 14 .
2 - If necessary, erase the DTC memory. Refer to
⇒ “3.3.4 Diagnostic Mode 04 - Erase DTC Memory”,
page 15 .
3 - If the DTC memory was erased, generate readiness code.
Refer to ⇒ “3.2 Readiness Code”, page 8 .
155
3. Diagnosis and Testing