Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
♦ The retaining clips for the door trim provide a seal for the sys‐
tem. Renew retaining clips if necessary.
1.6 Additional safety regulations for working
on seat occupied sensor controlling de‐
activation of front passenger airbag -
country-specific version
♦ Following any repair work on the front passenger's seat during
which the seat and/or backrest cover are/is disengaged, the
basic setting for the seat occupied recognition control unit
must always be performed ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic, testing and
information system VAS 5051.
♦ The mat for the seat occupied sensor must not be bent or
kinked.
♦ The mat must be renewed if it is damaged (service kit).
♦ The pressure hose for the seat occupied sensor must not be
bent or kinked.
♦ Make sure that the components of the seat occupied recogni‐
tion system (service kit) do not fall onto hard surfaces, do not
come into contact with grease and cannot be damaged by
sharp objects.
♦ Make sure that the mat, the fleece and all covers are not
creased when they are installed.
♦ Make sure that the seat padding and seat cover are in the
correct installation position.
♦ Renew all staples/clips and make sure they are correctly posi‐
tioned on the seat.
♦ The system's basic setting is only possible at temperatures
between 0°C and + 40°C if airbag units 8.R and 9.* are instal‐
led, and only between 5°C and 35°C if airbag unit 10.* is
installed.
♦ Make sure there are no objects lying on the seat before or
while you are performing the basic setting.
♦ The use of loose seat covers - such as cushions or similar -
impairs the function of the seat occupied recognition system
and thus the function of the airbag system.
1.7 Procedure for dealing with seat occu‐
pied sensor controlling deactivation of
front passenger airbag following an ac‐
cident - country-specific version
♦ The basic setting for the seat occupied recognition control unit
must be performed whenever the airbag and/or front passeng‐
er's belt tensioner has/have been triggered ⇒ Vehicle diag‐
nostic, testing and information system VAS 5051.
♦ If the seat rail and/or seat pan has/have to be renewed after a
crash due to deformation, the seat occupied sensor must be
renewed using the „seat occupied recognition service kit“. The
„basic setting“ for the seat occupied recognition control unit
must then be performed ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic, testing and in‐
formation system VAS 5051.
46
Rep. gr.69 - Passenger protection