TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
sure drops again. The control module uses the measured
value to determine the size of the leak.
Leak diagnosis is activated automatically shortly following every
engine start. If a malfunction is determined, an entry is made to
the DTC memory. The Malfunction Indicator Lamp in the instru‐
ment cluster is illuminated if the malfunction is recognized for two
subsequent starts.
For all evaporative system component locations, hose routing,
removal/installation procedures and torque specifications, refer
to the service manual.
2.3 Electronic Engine Power Control
For EPC, the throttle valve is not operated by a cable from the
accelerator pedal. There is no mechanical connection between
the accelerator pedal and the throttle valve.
The position of the accelerator pedal is communicated to engine
control module (ECM) by the throttle position sensor / accelerator
pedal position sensor 2 (variable resistances; stored in one hous‐
ing) that are connected with the accelerator pedal.
The accelerator pedal position (driver's intention) is a main input
unit for the ECM.
Operation of the throttle valve occurs via an electric motor, the
throttle drive for in the throttle valve control module. This is true
across the entire engine speed and engine load spectrum.
The throttle valve is operated by the EPC according to specifica‐
tions of engine control module (ECM).
With engine off and ignition switched on, the ECM controls the
throttle drive according to specifications of throttle position sen‐
sor / accelerator pedal position sensor 2. This means, if the
accelerator pedal is pressed half way, the throttle drive opens the
throttle valve to the same degree; i.e. throttle valve is then opened
approximately half way.
With engine running under load, ECM can open or close the throt‐
tle valve independently of the throttle position sensor / accelerator
pedal position sensor 2.
This means, for example, that the throttle valve could be fully
opened even though the accelerator pedal has only been pressed
half way. This has the advantage of preventing torque losses at
the throttle valve.
In addition, it results in a significant reduction in emissions and
fuel consumption under certain load conditions.
It would be incorrect to think that EPC consists of only one or two
components. EPC is much more of a system containing all com‐
ponents that contribute to recognizing, controlling and monitoring
the position of the throttle valve.
2.4 Fuel Injection System
For all fuel injection system component locations, removal/instal‐
lation procedures and torque specifications, refer to the service
manual.
2.5 Engine Control Module
The ECM regulates fuel injection, throttle valve control module,
oxygen sensor regulation, ignition, knock control, evaporative
emission purge valve, engine speed limitation through the fuel
injectors or the power supply relay, as well as OBD functions.
6
Rep. Gr.ST - Generic Scan Tool