TT RS 2012 ➤
Generic Scan Tool - Edition 07.2011
– Select the desired “Test-ID”.
– The information requested will be displayed on the scan tool
screen.
The following table is a numerical list of all“Test-IDs” that may be
selected.
Test-ID Diagnostic text
$02: Vehicle identification number e.g.
♦ A different 17 digit number will be displayed for
each vehicle
$04: Calibration identification e.g.
♦ Engine Control Module (ECM)
♦ Transmission Control Module (TCM)
$06: Calibration verification number (check sum) e.g.
♦ EC5AE460 the check sum is different for every
control module version
$08: In Use Performance Tracking (CBUA/SULEV only)
$0A: ECU mod ule acronym and text name
Service SUPPORTED on CBUA/SULEV (California emis‐
Mode sions) only. Not Supported on CBTA/Bin 5 (Federal
$0A emissions).
– Switch the ignition OFF.
3.3.10 Diagnostic Mode 0A - Check Permanent
DTC Memory
Mode 0A - Check Permanent DTC Memory (Request emissions-
related diagnostic trouble codes with permanent status after code
clear)
Permanent Fault Codes From MY 2010 with Phase-In conforming
to CCR 1968.2 (d)(2.2.5): 50% from MY 2010 / 75% from MY
2011 / 100% from MY 2012 The vehicle only participates in
Phase-In if all of the OBD-relevant control modules in the vehicle
meet these requirements.
Mode 0A may only be supported exclusively by OBD control mod‐
ules in US vehicles. Mode 0A may not be supported in EOBD
vehicles, meaning the control module may not send a response
here.
Mode 0A enables the request of all OBD-relevant faults with the
status “Permanent Fault Code”: - Permanent Fault Codes are
Confirmed Fault Codes that are currently activating the MIL. That
means faults that are still displayed in Mode 03 but no longer ac‐
tivate the MIL (History Fault Codes) are not Permanent Fault
Codes. - Permanent Fault Codes are updated in Mode 0A at the
same time as NVRAM storage immediately after switching the
ignition off. A newly detected Permanent Fault Code is only visible
after switching the ignition off/on in Mode 0A. - Permanent Fault
Codes may only be erased in the control module after they are
corrected as long as the last diagnostic result was a PASS and
the MIL is no longer activated by this fault. The Permanent Fault
Codes should be erased from Mode 0A at the same time the MIL
switches off when the ignition is switched off/on. - Permanent
Fault Codes may not be erased by clearing the DTC memory or
disconnecting the power supply. Storage in NVRAM is required.
- Permanent Fault Codes may only be erased after clearing the
DTC memory under the following conditions: - As long as no FAIL
diagnostic result was detected for a Permanent Fault Code - and
26
Rep. Gr.ST - Generic Scan Tool