Audi TT 2007 ➤
General body repairs, interior - Edition 07.2010
♦ Transportation must be in accordance with the national and
international guidelines which regulate the details of the pack‐
aging, marking, labelling and accompanying documents.
♦ Non-ignited pyrotechnic components must be disposed of in
their original packaging and in accordance with national reg‐
ulations. Please contact your importer if you require further
information.
♦ Only pyrotechnic components that have been triggered com‐
pletely may be disposed of with commercial refuse.
WARNING
♦ This does not apply to belt tensioners which are Wankel-
powered. These must be treated in the same manner as
non-ignited pyrotechnic components (for example air‐
bags, seat belts, pyrotechnic battery isolators).
♦ Reason: The workshop does not have the means to check
whether the Wankel-type belt tensioners have ignited fully
(in all ignition stages).
1.3 Additional safety regulations for side air‐
bags
♦ We recommend using genuine seat covers (same as original
equipment).
♦ It is NOT permissible to use seat covers or protective covers
which have not been approved for use on Audi seats with side
airbags.
♦ The backrest foam fill must not be cut away in the area of the
side airbag.
♦ When installing, make sure seam for side airbag is straight.
♦ All upholstery clips (metal and plastic clips) must be renewed.
♦ We recommend using only genuine upholstery clips (same as
original equipment).
♦ When installing, all new upholstery clips must be fitted in the
same positions as the original ones.
♦ For safety reasons, the cover should always be renewed if it
is damaged (tears, burn marks, etc.) in the area of the side
airbag, as otherwise the side airbag will not inflate properly.
♦ Never repair backrest cover in area of side airbag (due to spe‐
cial thread and precisely defined seam).
♦ Always renew backrest padding after side airbags have been
triggered.
♦ All damaged components must be renewed after an accident.
The original airbag unit can still be used if no signs of damage
are found.
♦ If side airbag units are renewed, remove sticker with airbag
number from new side airbag unit and stick it over old sticker
on seat pan.
♦ Never pierce the seat cover fabric with upholstery needles or
other sharp objects in the vicinity of the airbag, seat occupied
sensor (front passenger side) -G128- and the seat occupied
sensor mat.
44
Rep. gr.69 - Passenger protection