Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
5 - Ambient temperature sensor -G17-
❑ The measured value of the ambient temperature sensor -G17- is not used by the heater operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- for heater regulation. Its measured value is however used to calculate the
permissible ON time for the heated rear window -Z1- .
❑ The measured value of the ambient temperature sensor -G17- is evaluated by the control unit with display
in dash panel insert -J285- and transmitted by way of the convenience data bus system to the heater
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system VAS 5051 .
Removing and installing:
– Remove the bumper cover ⇒ General body repairs, exterior; Rep. Gr. 50 .
– Unplug the connector at the temperature sensor and unclip the temperature sensor from the mount in
the air duct.
6 - Connections for coolant hoses to heating system heat exchanger
❑ Detaching coolant hoses from connections to heating system heat exchanger/attaching ⇒ page 114
(removing and installing air conditioner heat exchanger)
❑ For incorporation of heating system heat exchanger into engine coolant circuit, refer to ⇒ Engine, me‐
chanics; Rep. Gr. 19 .
7 - Plenum chamber water drains
❑ One water drain each is fitted on the left and right in the plenum chamber.
❑ Removing/installing grommet, checking and cleaning ⇒ page 67 .
8 - Heated rear window -Z1-
❑ The rear window heating request is transmitted by the heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -
J255- via the convenience data bus. The heated rear window -Z1- is actuated by way of the onboard
supply control unit -J519- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 and ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault finding and Fitting locations.
❑ Notes on operation of heated rear window ⇒ page 27
❑ Removing and installing rear window ⇒ General body repairs, exterior; Rep. Gr. 64 .
2 .2 Components located in passenger com‐
partment
♦ Component group “1” (components on left side) ⇒ page 6
♦ Component group “2” (components on right side)
⇒ page 8
5
2. Components for control and regulation of heater