Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
16 - Right temperature flap control motor -V159-
❑ With potentiometer for right temperature flap control motor -G221-
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ page 93
Note
17 - Coolant pipes to heat exchanger
18 - Grommet
❑ For sealing the coolant and refrigerant pipe opening through the plenum chamber bulkhead to the engine
compartment.
19 - Connection for condensate drain
❑ Checking condensate drain, removing and installing condensate drain hose ⇒ page 84
20 - Expansion valve
❑ Detaching and attaching refrigerant pipes ⇒ page 166
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ page 169
Note
7.1 Removing and installing air recirculation
flap control motor -V113-
With potentiometer for air recirculation flap control motor -G143-
Note
♦ Operation of the control motor can be checked by way of the
“Final control diagnosis” function for example ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 or without a tester as follows: For checking
without a tester, connect the two contacts “5” and “6” in the
control motor connector to a 12 V DC source. The control mo‐
tor moves as far as the stop in one direction. Interchanging
positive and negative reverses the direction. Use an adapter
lead for this purpose ⇒ page 91 .
♦ After fitting a new control motor, perform air conditioner basic
setting ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system VAS 5051.
♦ If necessary, ac tuation of the electrical components of the air
conditioner can b e checked by way of the “Final control diag‐
nosis” and “Basic setting” functions (e.g. to check for inter‐
change) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnos‐
tic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
Removing
– Remove the glove box ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep.
Gr. 68 .
– If necessary mark connector -A- (to prevent interchange if
several connectors are simultaneously unplugged).
89
7. Air conditioner unit components