Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
1 - Dash panel
❑ With air ducts to the de‐
froster vents and the
various dash panel
vents
❑ Removing and installing
⇒ General body repairs,
interior; Rep. Gr. 70
2 - Defroster vent / windscreen
❑ Air duct to windscreen
❑ Removing and instal‐
ling: ⇒ General body re‐
pairs, Interior; Rep. Gr.
70
❑ Crushing of the inter‐
mediate piece between
the air conditioner unit
(heater) and the air duct
in the dash panel on in‐
stalling the dash panel
will result in irregular or
inadequate air routing to
the windscreen ⇒ Gen‐
eral body repairs, interi‐
or; Rep. Gr. 70
❑ Air conditioner air dis‐
tributor housings with a
defrost flap (in the air
outlet to the dash panel
defroster vents) with no
side recess were gradu‐
ally introduced as of
May 2007. Introduction
of the flap with no side
recess was accompa‐
nied by modification of
the air conditioner oper‐
ating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- ⇒ page 183 and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue . Pay attention to the correct version
and the adaption of the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 . On vehicles with no
air conditioner (heater only), the modification to this flap has no influence on heater regulation (the flap
is only actuated by way of the setting on the heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ).
3 - Defroster ven t / right side window
❑ Air duct to door window
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
4 - Right dash panel vent
❑ Removing and installing dash panel vents ⇒ page 74 and ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
❑ On right-hand drive vehicles with air conditioner, the front right chest vent temperature sensor -G386- is
installed in the air duct to the right dash panel vent.
5 - Centre right dash panel vent
❑ Removing and installing dash panel vents ⇒ page 74 and ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
6 - Centre dash panel vent
❑ Removing and installing dash panel vents ⇒ page 74 and ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
7 - Centre left dash panel vent
❑ Removing and installing dash panel vents ⇒ page 74 and ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
8 - Left dash panel vent
❑ Removing and installing dash panel vents ⇒ page 74 and ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
123
9. Block diagram of air distribution system