Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
♦ Assembly tool -T10118-
Note
♦ The cooling output cannot be checked with the high-pressure
sender -G65- removed; the air conditioner operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- does not switch on the air condi‐
tioner compressor.
♦ The refrigerant circuit remains closed (connection with valve).
♦ Checking operation of high-pressure sender -G65- and signal
supplied ⇒ page 37 .
♦ Removal and installation are described in the following on the
basis of a vehicle with a 2.0 l TFSI engine and one with a 3.2
l MPI engine. The procedure may differ for vehicles with a dif‐
ferent engine (4, 5 or 6-cylinder engine).
♦ After switching off the air conditioner compressor, a relatively
long period may elapse with this vehicle before the pressure
on the high-pressure end decreases (the expansion valve is
cold and the pressure on the low-pressure end increases rap‐
idly after switch-off, the expansion valve closes and the refrig‐
erant can only flow slowly to the low-pressure end).
♦ Depending on the version of the high-pressure sender -G65- ,
the measured value for the pressure in the refrigerant circuit
transmitted by the high-pressure sender -G65- may be too low
at low ambient temperatures (ambient temperature less than
5 °C) although the air conditioner is OK and the refrigerant
circuit has been properly charged. With air conditioner oper‐
ating units, Climatronic control unit -J255- with part number
“8J0 820 043” up to index “AJ”, this may therefore erroneously
lead to a fault memory entry at ambient temperatures below
5 °C (fault memory entry: High-pressure sender -G65- “Lower
limit value not reached”). If the fault is only displayed as a
sporadic fault at ambient temperatures calculated by the air
conditioner of above 5 °C and the air conditioner is functioning
properly, the fault memory entry can be erased (no further ac‐
tion is necessary). This fault no longer occurs with air condi‐
tioner operating units, Climatronic control unit -J255- with part
number “8J0 820 043” as of index “AK”.
Removing
The high-pressure sender -G65- is located at the bottom right of
the condenser.
Note
Depending on the version, it is fitted directly at the condenser or
at the refrigerant pipe.
34
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system