Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
Clean evaporator with ultrasonic air conditioner cleaning unit -
VAS 6189- ⇒ page 76 .
6.3.2 Cleaning evaporator
Tools required
♦ Ultrasonic air conditioner cleaning unit -VAS 6189-
♦ Cleaning fluid -VAS 6189/1-
Preparation
– By switching from fresh air to recirculated-air mode, check
whether the air conditioner unit evaporator is really the source
of the odour.
Note
The odour can only be eliminated by cleanin g with the ultrasonic
air conditioner cleaning unit -VAS 6189- if it actually occurs in the
evaporator.
– Check the plenum chamber and the water drain valves fitted
in it and clean these if necessary ⇒ page 67 .
– Remove the dust and pollen filter and check this for odour and
contamination ⇒ page 96 .
Note
On this vehicle, the dust and pollen filter is installed between the
fresh air blower -V2- and the evaporator and must therefore be
removed for cleaning.
– Remove leaves, dust and other contamination from the instal‐
lation slot for the dust and pollen filter of the air conditioner unit
⇒ page 96 .
– Re-seal the opening at the air conditioner unit through which
the dust and pollen filter was removed.
– Start the engine.
– On the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit
-J255- “recirculated air mode” is to be set and the air condi‐
tioner compressor switched off (lamp in AC button not lit).
– Open the dash panel vents and set the lowest possible tem‐
perature on the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- (“cold” temperature setting).
– Close the vehicle windows and sunroof.
– Set the lowest fresh air blower speed on the air conditioner
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- and select “dash
panel vents” for the air outflow direction.
Cleaning
– Shake the bottle of cleaning fluid -VAS 6189/1- and pour the
fluid into the ultrasonic air conditioner cleaning unit -VAS
6189- . In doing so, heed the operating instructions for the ul‐
trasonic air conditioner cleaning unit -VAS 6189- .
76
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system