Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
♦ Also heed the notes on start-up of the air conditioner after
charging ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
♦ Cranking prevents air conditioner compressor damage which
could be caused by refrigerant oil in the compression chamber
on initial start-up of the engine.
♦ Do not start the engine until the refrigerant circuit has been
assembled.
♦ If possible only start the engine with the refrigerant circuit
charged.
♦ Different air conditioner compressors depending on produc‐
tion period and engine ⇒ page 31 and ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue
♦ The air conditioner compressor is always driven by the pulley
(there is no magnetic clutch). In no-load operation, air condi‐
tioner compressor lubrication is maintained by way of an “in‐
ternal oil circuit” to prevent damage.
♦ The air conditioner compressor is equipped with an “internal
oil circuit” to prevent damage if the refrigerant circuit is empty.
A prerequisite for this internal lubrication is that there is still a
residual quantity of refrigerant oil in the air conditioner com‐
pressor.
♦ Engine is not to be started unless refrigerant circuit has been
properly assembled. If, for example, the refrigerant pipes have
not been connected to the air conditioner compressor, heat
generation inside the air conditioner compressor with the en‐
gine running may lead to the destruction of the compressor.
♦ The air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- is not
actuated if the refrigerant circuit is empty and the air condi‐
tioner compressor runs at idle with the engine. However, as
there is no refrigerant available, the refrigerant oil required for
air conditioner compressor lubrication is not conveyed.
12.4 Detaching and re-attaching refrigerant
pipes from condenser
Note
♦ There are different condenser versions depending on the ve‐
hicle model ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ Vehicles with a 5-cyl. engine are fitted with a condenser -A-
with an additional twin pipe -C- bolted to the condenser -A-.
The twin pipe -C- is included in the scope of delivery of the
condenser ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue . If it is necessary to
detach the twin pipe -C- from the condenser -A-, the same
tightening torques apply to the bolts at the joints as to the bolts
at the refrigerant pipes -D- and -E-.
Detaching
– Discharge refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant
R134a .
– Remove centre noise insulation ⇒ General body repairs, ex‐
terior; Rep. Gr. 50 .
151
12. Servicing refrigerant circuit