Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
2.4.3 Checking electric supplementary heater
The supplementary heater element -Z35- is only installed on ve‐
hicles with diesel engine.
Note
♦ An electric supplementary air heater is currently fitted on ve‐
hicles with diesel engine ⇒ Audi sales range . Heat energy is
supplied to the air after leaving the heat exchanger of the air
conditioner unit in the event of a request from the air condi‐
tioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- .
♦ The electric supplementary heater ( supplementary air heater
element -Z35- ) is actuated by way of the corresponding en‐
gine control unit (the control units exchange the appropriate
information by way of the data bus) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 and ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault finding
and Fitting locations.
♦ The measured value block of the air conditioner operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- shows that the electric supple‐
mentary heater is being actuated or indicates why there is no
actu a tion in spite of a low ambient temperature ⇒ "Guided
fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and infor‐
mation system VAS 5051 .
♦ Vehicles with petrol engine are currently not fitted with a sup‐
plementary heater.
♦ For checking actuation of the supplementary air heater ele‐
ment -Z35- , refer to the guided fault-finding routine for the
engine fitted in this vehicle ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function
of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ For checking the resistance value of the supplementary air
heater element -Z35- , refer to ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" func‐
tion of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051.
Cut-in criteria for actuation of supplementary heater
Note
On vehicles with air conditioner (or with heater only), the cut-in
criteria must be satisfied in the air conditioner (heater) operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- and in the corresponding en‐
gine control unit.
– The following prerequisites must be met for the air conditioner
(heater) operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to trans‐
mit a request for supplementary heater activation to the engine
control unit:
♦ Engine running for at least 8 seconds and engine speed higher
than 500 rpm.
♦ Engine temperature less than 75 °C.
♦ Calculated ambient temperature less than 8 °C.
♦ Electrical system voltage greater than 12.2 V and onboard
supply control unit -J519- not transmitting any request pre‐
venting activation.
♦ No faults stored in air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- .
29
2. Notes on air conditioner repair work