Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
4 Checking actuation of temperature
flaps and heat output
Note
♦ The Audi TT with no air conditioner (heater only) is only fitted
with one temperature flap control motor. The two temperature
flaps for the left and right side are linked by way of the shaft in
the heater air distributor housing and thus moved jointly by the
left temperature flap control motor -V158- ⇒ page 16 .
♦ As vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only) have no tem‐
perature sensors, there is no regulation of the outlet temper‐
ature. The left temperature flap control motor -V158- is set by
the heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to a
position calculated on the basis of the temperature setting at
the rotary temperature control -A- and the learnt control motor
stop values.
♦ If the coolant circuit is not completely bled after filling, air may
accumulate in the heating system heat exchanger and thus
reduce the heat output. In addition, noise may occur or com‐
plaints may be received about differences in the temperature
of the air from the driver's and front passenger's vents.
Remedy:
– Perform a lengthy test drive at high engine speed (at least 10
minutes, engine speed above 2500 rpm). In doing so, select
a low gear to prevent excessive vehicle speed.
– In the event of complaints about poor heat output at certain
engine speeds, check incorporation of the heating system
heat exchanger into the coolant circuit. If the two coolant hoses
(supply and return) from the engine have been interchanged,
coolant will flow in the wrong direction through the heat ex‐
changer ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 19 .
♦ For checking heat output and actuation of the temperature
flaps, refer to ⇒ page 12 .
4.1 Checking heat output and actuation of
temperature flaps
Special tools and workshop equipment required
♦ Vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system -VAS 5051
A- (or vehicle diagnostic and service information system -VAS
5052- )
♦ Commercially available thermometer (for temperature meas‐
urement; if applicable use thermometer with 2 probes for
simultaneous measurement of temperature e.g. on right and
left)
♦ Test requirements ⇒ page 12
♦ Checking heat output ⇒ page 13 .
4.1.1 Test requirements:
♦ Coolant circuit bled in specified manner ⇒ Engine, mechanics;
Rep. Gr. 19
♦ All air ducts, covers and seals OK and properly installed.
♦ Air flow through dust and pollen filter not impeded by contam‐
ination.
12
Rep. Gr.80 - Heating