Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
If the display zone shows no or insufficient current, check actua‐
tion of the air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280-
⇒ page 45 .
– The displayed pressure in the refrigerant circuit rises above
the value with the air conditioner compressor switched off.
Note
♦ If the pressure displayed does not change and actuation of the
air conditioner compressor is OK, check again as to whether
the air conditioner compressor is actually being driven. If it is,
there is a fault in the refrigerant circuit. The vehicle is to be
taken to a workshop equipped with the necessary tools where
the work can be performed by appropriately qualified person‐
nel ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a (there may be
problems with air conditioner compressor control). Inform the
workshop of t h e problems encountered.
♦ The air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- is ac‐
tuated by the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- such that the temperature of the air downstream of
the evaporator reaches the specified value (approx. 2 to 5 °C).
♦ After starting the vehicle, a value greater than 75 % (0.55 A)
is displayed depending on the measured temperature, engine
speed and electrical system voltage. As soon as the temper‐
ature measured by the evaporator outflow temperature sender
-G263- approaches the specified value, actuation is cancelled
and the compressor output thus reduced.
♦ Under certain operating conditions, residual moisture in the
refrigerant circuit may lead to the formation of ice at the air
conditioner compressor regulating valve (and at the expansion
valve). Such ice formation impedes air conditioner compressor
control. The evaporator is excessively cooled and ices up.
Icing-up of the evaporator may give rise to various problems
⇒ page 138 .
– Press the recirculated air mode button on the air conditioner
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- (symbol for “re‐
circulated air mode” in recirculated air button lights).
– Set engine speed to 2000 rpm (start of time measurement).
– In the “Reading measured value block” function, select the
display with the measured value of the evaporator output tem‐
perature sender -G263- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051.
133
10. Checking cooling output of air conditioner