Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
3.6 Detaching air conditioner compressor
from holder/attaching (vehicles with 5-
cyl. engine)
Note
♦ The air conditioner compressor can be detached from the
holder for the ancillaries and re-attached without opening up
the refrigerant pipes.
♦ The holder for the ancillaries (for the air conditioner compres‐
sor and associated components) can be removed and instal‐
led without having to open the refrigerant circuit.
♦ Vehicles with a 5-cyl. engine have 2 poly V-belts attached to
the air conditioner compressor. The air conditioner compres‐
sor is therefore provided with a double-belt pulley. For removal
of the poly V-belts, refer to ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr.
13 .
♦ For the routing of the two poly V-belts, refer to ⇒ Engine, me‐
chanics; Rep. Gr. 13 and ⇒ page 45
♦ In the following a descri p tion is given of the detaching and at‐
taching of the air conditioner compressor in a vehicle with a
2.5 l TFSI engine with a “Sanden” air conditioner compressor.
There may be differences for vehicles with other engines or a
different air conditioner compressor (depending on the engine,
it may also be necessary to remove or unfasten certain ancil‐
laries).
♦ Do not drain the refrigerant circuit, do not detach refrigerant
hoses and refrigerant pipes from the air conditioner compres‐
sor.
♦ Do not unfasten the refrigerant pipes and the corresponding
clamps.
♦ After detaching the air conditioner compressor, secure it with
a piece of wire for example to the vehicle. Do not leave it sus‐
pended from the refrigerant pipes ⇒ page 44
♦ Before removing, mark the direction of the poly V-belts with
chalk or a felt-tip pen. Running a used belt in the opposite di‐
rection could destroy it.
♦ Different air conditioner compressors may be fitted depending
on the engine and country version ⇒ Electronic parts cata‐
logue
Detaching air conditioner compressor from holder for ancillaries/
re-attaching
– Perform the preparatory work in the manner described for the
4 and 6-cyl. engine ⇒ page 40 .
– Detach the air conditioner compressor from the 5-cyl. engine
in the manner described for the 4 and 6-cyl. engine
⇒ page 40 .
Arrangement of the air conditioner compressor at the holder for
ancillaries
43
3. Servicing work on refrigerant circuit