Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
♦ As soon as there is no compressor shut-off criterion, the air
conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255-
switches on the air conditioner compressor (by actuating the
air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- ) ⇒ "Gui‐
ded fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and
information system VAS 5051.
♦ If no other shut-off criterion is active, the air conditioner oper‐
ating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- switches on the air
conditioner compressor if the signal ratio is greater than ap‐
prox. 12 % (corresponding to approx. 1.2 bar absolute) and
less than approx. 78 % (corresponding to approx. 32 bar ab‐
solute).
♦ If the signal ratio is less than 12 % or greater than 78 %, the
air conditioner compressor is not switched on (the air condi‐
tioner compressor regulating valve -N280- is not actuated).
♦ The signal ratio and the pressure calculated by the air condi‐
tioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- are indi‐
cated in the measured value block ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ At absolute pressure, 0 bar corresponds to an absolute vac‐
uum. Normal ambient pressure thus corresponds to roughly 1
bar absolute. On the scales of most pressure gauges, 0 bar
corresponds to an absolute pressure of one bar (can be seen
from -1 mark below 0).
♦ Depending on the pressure calculated in the refrigerant circuit
with the air conditioner compressor actuated, the air condi‐
tioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- transmits
a request by way of the data bus for increased radiator fan -
V7- speed to the engine control unit, which then actuates the
radiator fan(s) -V7- either directly or via the radiator fan control
unit -J293- (at a certain pressure in the refrigerant circuit or as
soon as the air conditioner compressor is switched on irre‐
spective of the pressure, depending on the version). The
request from the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- is displayed in the measured value block ⇒
"Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ At present, the request for actuation of the radiator fan(s) -V7-
is only transmitted on the data bus by the air conditioner
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- as of a specific
pressure in the refrigerant circuit. If the pressure in the refrig‐
erant circuit is greater than approx. 9 bar (6 bar, if the pressure
was previously in excess of 9 bar) and less than approx. 20
bar, between 30 and 100 % is requested depending on the
pressure.
♦ If the pressure in the refrigerant circuit is less than approx. 9
bar (6 bar if the pressure was previously in excess of 9 bar),
actuation of the radiator fan(s) -V7- is currently not requested
by the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -
J255- .
♦ If the pressure in the refrigerant circuit is greater than approx.
20 bar, 100 % actuation of the radiator fan(s) -V7- is requested
at present by the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- (the actual actuation may however be less
than 100 % depending on the version of the engine control
unit/ radiator fan control unit -J293- ).
♦ The signal generated by the high-pressure sender -G65- is
also used for engine control. The air conditioner operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- transmits the information via
the data bus to the engine control unit (the torque required for
38driving the air conditioner compressor is governed by the pres‐
s u r eR einp .t hGer. 8r7e f-r Aigire croanndtit icoinricnug ist)y.s Dteempending on the version of the
engine control unit, the signal is displayed there as a ratio in
the measured value block ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051
(for the air conditioner and depending on the engine, the in‐
jection and ignition system or the diesel glow plug and injection
system).
♦ Depending on the version of the high-pressure sender -G65- ,
the measured value for the pressure in the refrigerant circuit
transmitted by the high-pressure sender -G65- may be too low
at low ambient temperatures (ambient temperature less than
5 °C) although the air conditioner is OK and the refrigerant
circuit has been properly charged. With air conditioner oper‐
ating units, Climatronic control unit -J255- with part number
“8J0 820 043” up to index “AJ”, this may therefore erroneously
lead to a fault memory entry at ambient temperatures below
5 °C (fault memory entry: High-pressure sender -G65- “Lower
limit value not reached”). If the fault is only displayed as a
sporadic fault at ambient temperatures calculated by the air
conditioner of above 5 °C and the air conditioner is functioning
properly, the fault memory entry can be erased (no further ac‐
tion is necessary). This fault no longer occurs with air condi‐
tioner operating units, Climatronic control unit -J255- with part
number “8J0 820 043” as of index “AK”.