Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Release the fasteners at the connector -E- and unplug the
connector.
– Carefully turn the air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- -F- through 180°.
– Release the connectors -D- and -A- to -C- by pressing the re‐
tainer tabs -G- and unplug the connectors.
Installing
Install in reverse order; paying attention to the following:
♦ When replacing an air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- , attention must be paid to the
exact assignment ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue . Different ver‐
sions with or without seat heating switch, with different units
of temperature (°C or °F) at rotary temperature control, rotary
controls with black or silver surface.
♦ Vehicles with a 5 cyl. engine with no air conditioner are only
to be fitted with heater operating units with part number 8J0
819 043 as of index “D” ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒
"Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ Vehicles with 5-cyl. engine with an air conditioner are only to
be fitted with air conditioner operating units with part number
8J0 820 043 as of index “AK” ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and
⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ Always perform the following operations after replacing/instal‐
ling the air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 :
– Re-encode (check the encoding of) the air conditioner (heater)
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- .
– Perform basic setting of the air conditioner (heater) operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- .
– Interrogate the fault memory of the air conditioner (heater) op‐
erating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- (and rectify the
cause of any faults displayed).
– If applicable, check the adaption of the air conditioner (heater)
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- .
– If applicable, perform final control diagnosis for the air condi‐
tioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- .
6.6 Removing and installing dash panel
temperature sensor blower -V42-
Note
The heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- has nei‐
ther an integrated dash panel temperature sensor -G56- nor a
temperature sensor blower -V42- .
– Remove the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- ⇒ page 78 .
82
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system