Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
12.3 Removing and installing air conditioner
compressor
Note
♦ Type of compressor may differ depending on production peri‐
od and engine. ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
♦ The air conditioner compressors fitted at the start of production
are manufactured by “Denso” (type “6 SEU 14”). At a later
date, other makes of air conditioner compressor may also be
installed (e.g. “Sanden”, type “PXE 16” or “ZJX”) ⇒ Electronic
parts catalogue and ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
♦ Not all replacement air conditioner compressors have the
same oil capacity. Attention is therefore to be paid to the quan‐
tity of oil in the air conditioner compressor ⇒ Air conditioner
with refrigerant R134a and the exact part number ⇒ Electronic
parts catalogue .
♦ There are different refrigerant oil capacities for the refrigerant
circuit depending on the type of air conditioner compressor.
The reason for the different oil quantities in the air conditioner
compressor for an otherwise identical refrigerant circuit is the
design of the actual air conditioner compressor. Attention is to
be paid to these oil quantities. Too much oil in the circuit results
in higher pressures and reduced system cooling output. Too
little oil may lead to lubrication problems in the air conditioner
compressor.
♦ Following installation of a new air conditioner compressor or
after pouring in fresh refrigerant oil (e.g. after flushing the re‐
frigerant circuit), give the air conditioner compressor 10 turns
by hand prior to initial start-up to prevent compressor damage
⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
Removing
– Discharge refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant
R134a .
– Detach the refrigerant pipes from the air conditioner compres‐
sor ⇒ page 146 .
Note
The sequence differs and depends on the engine. On vehicles
with 3.2 l MPI engine, the air conditioner compressor must be
detached from the holder before the refrigerant pipes can be de‐
tached. On vehicles with 2.0 l TFSI engine, the refrigerant pipes
can be detached with the air conditioner compressor attached.
– Detach the air conditioner compressor from the holder
⇒ page 40 (vehicles with 4 or 6-cyl. engine) or ⇒ page 43 (ve‐
hicles with 5-cyl. engine).
Installing
Install in reverse order, paying attention to the following:
Before fitting the air conditioner compressor ⇒ Air conditioner with
refrigerant R134a
149
12. Servicing refrigerant circuit