Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
14 Capacities
For refrigerant R134a and refrigerant oil capacities, refer to ⇒ Air
conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
– Draining, evacuating and charging the refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air
conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
– Start up the air conditioner after charging the refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 186 .
Note
♦ Also heed the notes on start-up of the air conditioner after
charging ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
♦ The type of compressor may differ depending on the produc‐
tion period and engine ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
♦ The refrigerant R134a capacity may differ depending on the
condenser version. At present, the specified capacity for ve‐
hicles with a 5-cyl. engine for example is slightly less than for
vehicles with a 4 or 6-cyl. engine ⇒ Air conditioner with re‐
frigerant R134a .
♦ The air conditioner compressors fitted at the start of production
were manufactured by “Denso” (type “6 SEU 14”). At a later
date, other makes of air conditioner compressor may also be
installed (e.g. “Sanden”, type “PXE 16” or “ZJX”) ⇒ Electronic
parts catalogue and ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
♦ The specified refrigerant oil capacities for the refrigerant circuit
differ depending on the type of air conditioner compressor ⇒
Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒ Air conditioner with refrig‐
erant R134a .
♦ Not all replacement air conditioner compressors have the
same oil capacity. Attention is therefore to be paid to the exact
part number ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒ Air condi‐
tioner with refrigerant R134a . The different oil quantities result
from the design of the air conditioner compressor (heed oil
quantities). Too much oil in the cir c uit results in higher pres‐
sures and reduced system cooling output. Too little oil may
lead to lubrication problems in the air conditioner compressor.
♦ Always fill the refrigerant circuit as far as the upper tolerance
limit (some refrigerant remains in the filler hoses).
♦ The refrigerant circuit is only to be filled with approved refrig‐
erant oils ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
♦ Different types of refrigerant oil are specified for Zexel / Valeo,
Sanden and Denso air conditioner compressors ⇒ Air condi‐
tioner with refrigerant R134a and ⇒ Electronic parts cata‐
logue .
♦ Refrigerant oil (PAG oil) from containers which have been
open for a long time absorbs moisture and is no longer to be
used.
♦ Further information: ⇒ Air conditioner - with refrigerant R134a
188
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system