Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Check that the grommet -C- is correctly positioned in the ple‐
num chamber back wall.
– If necessary, apply silicone adhesive sealant to the flanges for
the coolant pipes to the heat exchanger -A- and the expansion
valve (to the evaporator) -B- at the lead-throughs of the grom‐
met -C- (to prevent the ingress of water).
– Evacuate and refill the refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner -
with refrigerant R134a
– Re-install driver's storage compartment and remaining com‐
ponents removed.
– Interrogate the fault memory of the air conditioner (heater) op‐
erating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- and erase any
faults displayed ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
– Perform air conditioner (heater) basic setting and final control
diagnosis and interrogate the fault memory again ⇒ "Guided
fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and infor‐
mation system VAS 5051 .
– Start up the air conditioner after charging the refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 186 .
Note
Also heed the notes on start-up of the air conditioner after charg‐
ing ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
– If applicable, check operation of the air conditioner (heater),
e.g. by way of the “Final control diagnosis” function (electrical
component interchange check) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" func‐
tion of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
12.11 Removing and installing intake housing
with recirculated-air and air-flow/fresh-
air flap
Removing
– Remove the dash panel complete with the dash panel cross
member (central tube). ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep.
Gr. 70
– Remove the air conditioner unit (heater) ⇒ page 170 .
– Unplug connector -A-.
– Mark wiring to connector -B- (to air-flow flap control motor -
V71- ) and unplug connector (danger of interchange as con‐
nectors -B- and -C- are identical).
– Mark wiring to connector -C- (to air-recirculation flap control
motor -V113- ) and unplug connector.
176
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system