Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
2.4.1 Checking of heated rear window -Z1-
Note
♦ Situations preventing activation of the heated rear window
(short circuit in connection to rear window, open circuit in pow‐
er supply to air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- etc.) are stored as faults in the air conditioner op‐
erating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051.
♦ If the voltage measured at the onboard supply control unit -
J519- at terminal “30” drops below a value stored in the
onboard supply control unit -J519- , the heated rear window is
completely deactivated (or the power reduced) to relieve the
load on the alternator -C- (the air conditioner operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- reduces the actuation duty cy‐
cle fro m 100% to 90 .... 0 %) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function
of veh i c le diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051.
♦ If the heated rear window has to be deactivated on account of
undervoltage, the indicator lamp in the button for the heated
rear window in the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- remains on. However if deactivation lasts
longer than approx. 150 s, the air conditioner operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- switches off the indicator lamp.
♦ The measured value block of the air conditioner operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- shows that the heated rear win‐
dow is being actuated or indicates why there is no actuation
in spite of a corresponding request ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ Checking of heated rear window actuation is described in the
guided fault-finding routine for the onboard supply control unit
-J519- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system VAS 5051 ( -J519- actuates
the heated rear window -Z1- ).
♦ At ambient temperatures below 0 °C, the heated rear window
remains switched on until the ignition is switched off (manual
deactivation is possible at any time). If the temperature during
a driving cycle rises above 0 °C, the heated rear window is
deactivated on completion of the operating period stored in the
air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255-
(approx. 10 minutes).
♦ At ambient temperatures above 0 °C, the heated rear window
can be deactivated automatically on completion of the oper‐
ating period stored in the air conditioner operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- (approx. 10 minutes) by the air
conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- (ac‐
tuation time is governed by encoding and version of air con‐
ditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ) ⇒
"Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051.
27
2. Notes on air conditioner repair work