Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
♦ No faults stored in engine control unit and capacity utilisation
of alternator -C- less than 30 ... 77 % (depending on engine
speed).
♦ On the basis of the setting and the temperatures measured,
the air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- has calculated that additional heat output is re‐
quired to attain the specified passenger compartment temper‐
ature.
♦ The air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- has calculated that more than 90 % of the air is
being routed through the heat exchanger of the air conditioner
unit.
Note
On vehicles with 3-stage supplementary air heater elements -
Z35- , the engine control unit actuates the two supplementary
heating relays such that the capacity utilisation of the alternator -
C- does not exceed 95 % ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 (for
the engine control unit) and ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical
fault finding and Fitting locations. The next stage is only switched
in if the capacity utilisation of the alternator -C- is less than 30 ...
77 % depending on engine speed.
Shutoff criteria for actuation of supplementary heater
Note
Deactivation takes place as soon as a cut-in criterion is no longer
satisfied in the air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- and the corresponding engine control unit or if
one of the shutoff criteria is detected.
– The air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- cancels the request for activation of the electric
supplementary heater if:
♦ One of the cut-in prerequisites is no longer satisfied.
♦ The calculated ambient temperature is greater than 11 °C.
♦ The capacity utilisation of the alternator -C- is greater than 95
%.
♦ The air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- has calculated that less than 60 % of the air is being
routed through the heat exchanger of the air conditioner unit
(heater) (position of temperature flaps).
30
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system