Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Slide the cover -B- in the direction of arrow -C- and detach the
cover.
Note
If the fasteners -D- are no longer strong enough, the cover -B-
may have been or can be secured with the bolts -A-.
– Remove the dust and pollen filter -A- from the slot -B- of the
air conditioner unit (heater).
– Clean the air conditioner unit (heater) by way of the slot -B-
(e.g. with a vacuum cleaner) after removing the dust and
pollen filter.
7.9 Notes on dust and pollen filter with acti‐
vated charcoal element
♦ There are different versions of the dust and pollen filter without
and with activated charcoal element ⇒ Electronic parts cata‐
logue . The Audi TT with air conditioner is currently fitted with
a dust and pollen filter with activated charcoal element. Vehi‐
cles with no air conditioner (heater only) feature a dust and
pollen filter with no activated charcoal element.
♦ The filter with activated charcoal element acts as a dust and
pollen filter. It can however also filter gaseous pollutants such
as ozone, benzene and nitrogen dioxide out of the flow of air.
The principal function of the activated charcoal layer in the
dust and pollen filter is to prevent peak pollution levels entering
the passenger compartment.
♦ A further function of the activated charcoal is to absorb certain
gaseous pollutants in the air flow. The activated charcoal layer
in the dust and pollen filter has a different effect on the various
pollutants in the air:
– Certain pollutants are permanently bonded in the activated
charcoal layer.
– Others are converted into harmless compounds as in a cata‐
lytic converter.
– In all other respe c ts, the activated charcoal acts like a con‐
denser. As the im pact level increases, pollutants are initially
absorbed until a certain degree of saturation is attained. If the
pollutant level drops, the activated charcoal layer continuously
emits these absorbed particles again.
♦ As, in addition to dust and pollen, the activated charcoal layer
also permanently binds some of the gaseous pollutant parti‐
cles, it may be appropriate to replace the dust and pollen filter
sooner than specified for the following reasons if the vehicle
is used in areas with considerable air pollution:
97
7. Air conditioner unit components