Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
7.13 Removing and installing left tempera‐
ture flap control motor -V158-
With potentiometer for left temperature flap control motor -G220-
Note
♦ Operation of the control motor can be checked by way of the
“Final control diagnosis” function for example ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 or without a tester as follows: For checking
without a tester, connect the two contacts “5” and “6” in the
control motor connector to a 12 V DC source. The control mo‐
tor moves as far as the stop in one direction. Interchanging
positive and negative reverses the direction. Use an adapter
lead for this purpose ⇒ page 91 .
♦ Following installation of a new control motor, perform air con‐
ditioner (heater) basic setting ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function
of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ If necessary, actuation of the electrical components of the air
conditioner (heater) can be checked by way of the “Final con‐
trol diagnosis” and “Basic setting” functions (e.g. to check for
interchange) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle di‐
agnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ On the Audi TT with air conditioner, the two control motors for
the left and right temperature flaps are regulated via a char‐
acteristic curve depending on the end stops learnt (only one
temperature setting can be made at the air conditioner oper‐
ating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ).
♦ Depending on the measured temperatures, the sunlight pen‐
etration detected and the setting of the air conditioner operat‐
ing unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- , the specified outlet
temperature calculated and thus the specified position of the
control motor for the left and right side may differ.
♦ Vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only) are only fitted
with one temperature flap control motor. The two temperature
flaps for the left and right side are linked by way of the shaft
and thus moved jointly by the left temperature flap control mo‐
tor -V158- .
Removing
– Remove the dash panel complete with the dash panel cross
member (central tube). ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep.
Gr. 70
– Remove the left footwell vent -A- (driver's side). ⇒ General
body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 68
109
7. Air conditioner unit components