Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Operation of radiator fan(s) ( radiator fan -V7- and radiator fan
2 -V177- ) (actuation and speed are governed by pressure in
refrigerant circuit and engine temperature).
Note
Depending on the version of the air conditioner operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- , the radiator fan(s) ( radiator fan -
V7- and radiator fan 2 -V177- ) is/are only switched in as of a
certain pressure in the refrigerant circuit (currently as of a pres‐
sure of approx. 9 bar). Actuation of the radiator fan(s) is displayed
in the measured value block ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
– Operation of fresh-air blower -V2- at maximum speed
– Switching of the air conditioner to recirculated air mode (ap‐
prox. 1 minute after starting the vehicle, the air flow/fresh-air
flap is closed and the recirculated air flap opened, air is drawn
in by the fresh air blower -V2- from the passenger compart‐
ment beneath the dash panel/glove box).
Note
If one of these test requirements is not satisfied, interrogate the
fault memory, perform final control diagnosis and read out the
measured value block ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
10.1.2 Checking cooling output
Test requirements satisfied ⇒ page 130
– Measure the ambient temperature (must be above 15 °C).
– Close the doors, bonnet, windows and rear lid.
– Open all dash panel vents.
– Switch on ignition.
– Start the engine.
– Set “Econ” mode on the air conditioner operating unit, Clima‐
tronic control unit -J255- (lamp in AC button not lit).
– Start air conditioner guided fault-finding ⇒ "Guided fault-find‐
ing" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 .
– In the “Reading measured value block” function, select the
display group with the measured values for actuation of the air
conditioner compressor and for the pressure in the refrigerant
circuit and read out the measured values ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 .
– Check the measured values shown in the display zones with
the values for actuation of the air conditioner compressor reg‐
ulating valve -N280- and for the pressure in the refrigerant
circuit.
♦ The air conditioner compressor is switched off, a current to -
N280- of 0 A (amps) is displayed.
♦ At the measured ambient temperature, the pressure in the re‐
frigerant circuit (measured value of high-pressure sender -
G65- ) is equal to or higher than the value in the table.
131
10. Checking cooling output of air conditioner