Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
♦ If applicable, obtain radio anti-theft code before disconnecting
battery -A- .
♦ On vehicles with electrically adjustable seats, move the seats
to the rearmost position before disconnecting the battery -A-
⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 72 .
♦ On removal, note down bolt lengths and assignment for re-
installation.
♦ All cable ties and other wiring harness fasteners detached or
cut open on removing the air conditioner unit (heater) must be
re-attached in the same position on installation.
♦ Depending on vehicle equipment and engine, heat insulation
is fitted on the coolant hoses and refrigerant pipes; these must
not be damaged and must be re-attached after installation.
– Dissipate the pressure in the coolant circuit by opening the cap
at the coolant expansion tank ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr.
19 .
– Remove the components impeding access to the mounting
points -A- of the heat shield -B- and to the coolant hoses to the
heat exchanger in the engine compartment ⇒ page 166 .
– Detach the heat shield -B- from the plenum chamber bulkhead
(lay aside or remove completely).
– Mark positions of coolant hoses -A- and -B-.
Note
♦ The heat exchanger is designed for a certain coolant flow di‐
rection. The coolant hoses must therefore be connected on
the correct sides.
♦ Bleeding coolant circuit ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 13 .
– Slide back the thermal insulation -D- and -E- so as to permit
attachment for example of the hose clamps up to Ø 40 mm -
VAS 3093- -F- to the coolant hoses -A- and -B-.
– Pinch off the coolant hoses -A- and -B-.
– Pinch off the breather ho se -C- (to the coolant expansion tank)
e.g. using a hose clamp up to 25 mm -3094- -F-.
– Cover the area beneath the connections for the coolant hoses
-A- and -B- with absorbent paper, for example.
– Detach the coolant hoses -A- and -B- from the connections to
the heat exchanger of the air conditioner unit (heater) ⇒ En‐
gine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 13 .
171
12. Servicing refrigerant circuit