Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
♦ There are different versions of the receiver and condenser.
Pay attention to correct assignment ⇒ Electronic parts cata‐
logue .
♦ Depending on the version of the condenser, the receiver may
be attached to or integrated into the condenser. For dryer car‐
tridge replacement on a condenser with integral receiver, refer
to ⇒ page 162 .
♦ Vehicles with a 5-cyl. engine are fitted with a different type of
condenser to vehicles with a 4 or 6-cyl. engine. This condenser
-A- also has an integrated receiver -B-. In addition, this re‐
ceiver -B- is fitted with a dryer cartridge which is not currently
available as a replacement part. If the rectification of problems
on this vehicle involves replacement of the receiver and the
dryer cartridge, it may be necessary to renew the entire con‐
denser ⇒ page 162 , ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒ Air
conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
♦ Removing and installing dryer cartridge (for a condenser with
integrated receiver) ⇒ page 162 .
♦ The receiver removed contains refrigerant oil, which must be
returned to the refrigerant circuit (together with the new re‐
ceiver) ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a . Adjustment
of oil quantity depends on nature of complaint:
– If, for example, the receiver has been damaged in an accident
(no escape of refrigerant, no ingress of moisture or dirt into the
refrigerant circuit), allow the refrigerant oil to drain out of the
receiver removed and fill the refrigerant circuit (e.g. condens‐
er) with the amount of refrigerant oil drained off plus 10 cm3 of
fresh refrigerant oil. This enables the refrigerant circuit to be
serviced without the need for extensive repair work ⇒ Air con‐
ditioner w ith refrigerant R134a .
– If an indeterminate amount of refrigerant oil has escaped fol‐
lowing an accident or if dirt and moisture have ingressed into
the refrigerant circuit, the circuit must be flushed ⇒ Air condi‐
tioner with refrigerant R134a .
Removing
– Switch off ignition.
– Drain the refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant
R134a .
– Remove the front bumper cover ⇒ General body repairs, ex‐
terior; Rep. Gr. 63 .
160
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system