Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
compressor control. The evaporator is excessively cooled and
ices up. Icing-up of the evaporator may give rise to the follow‐
ing problems
– Repeated or sporadic failure of the air conditioner (no cooling/
heating output) after a lengthy journey; operation of air condi‐
tioner soon returns to normal after switching off engine
– Misting up of the windows on the inside after a long journey;
the windows are initially not cleared even by pressing the “De‐
frost” button; the air conditioner functions properly again after
a short delay following engine shut-off.
Remedy:
– Check the measured value of the evaporator output tempera‐
ture sender -G263- in the “Reading measured value block”
function ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnos‐
tic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
– If the sender measured value is too high under the usage con‐
ditions described by the customer (greater than e.g. 10 °C
although the air conditioner is functioning properly, depending
on ambient temperature), check the evaporator output tem‐
perature sender -G263- (an incorrect measured value can
cause the evaporator to ice up).
– If the sender measured value is too low under t h e usage con‐
ditions described by the customer (at ambient temperature
above 0 °C, colder than 0 °C for lengthy period): The vehicle
is to be taken to a workshop equipped with the necessary tools
where the work can be performed by appropriately qualified
personnel ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a . Inform
the workshop of the problems encountered.
– Check the refrigerant pipe from the evaporator (from the ex‐
pansion valve) to the air conditioner compressor (thick pipe,
low pressure end) with the engine running. If this pipe is se‐
verely iced up when the problem occurs (a thin layer of ice is
permissible), this is also an indication that the temperature in
the evaporator is too low. The vehicle is to be taken to a work‐
shop equipped with the necessary tools where the work can
be performed by appropriately qualified personnel ⇒ Air con‐
ditioner with refrigerant R134a (there may be problems with
air conditioner compressor control). Inform the workshop of
the problems encountered.
139
10. Checking cooling output of air conditioner