Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Screw out the bolts -A-.
– Detach the refrigerant pipes -B- and -C-.
Note
♦ Seal open pipes and connections at expansion valve with suit‐
able caps (to prevent ingress of dirt and moisture).
♦ After switching off the air conditioner compressor, a relatively
long period may elapse with this vehicle before the pressure
on the high-pressure end decreases (the expansion valve is
cold and the pressure on the low-pressure end increases rap‐
idly after switch-off, the expansion valve closes and the refrig‐
erant can only flow slowly to the low-pressure end).
♦ The section of tubing in the refrigerant pipe in the high-pres‐
sure side (thin pipe) -C- is being gradually discontinued in
Model Year 2007. If there is no such tubing, bend the refrig‐
erant pipe -C- carefully and only to the extent which is abso‐
lutely necessary to remove the expansion valve. If necessary,
unfasten a refrigerant pipe with no tubing section from the
holder so as not to damage the refrigerant pipe.
Attaching
• Tightening torque: Bolts -A- (for attachment of refrigerant
pipes to expansion valve) 10 Nm.
Install in reverse order, paying attention to the following:
– Replace the O-rings -D- and -E-, for version refer to ⇒ Elec‐
tronic parts catalogue .
– Check the fitted pin -G- (fitted in the connection or expansion
valve, not provided with all connections) and the sleeve -H- for
damage and proper attachment.
Note
♦ Coat O-ring seals lightly with refrigerant oil before fitting
⇒ page 39 .
♦ Pay attention to correct positioning of the O-rings in the groove
-F- of the corresponding refrigerant pipe.
♦ Install refrigerant pipes such that they are not strained.
♦ Depending on the vehicle equipment and the engine, the re‐
frigerant pipes may be provided with thermal insulation. This
must not be damaged and must be re-attached following in‐
stallation.
♦ Check the installation position of the refrigerant pipes with re‐
spect to the expansion valve (they must not contact other
components) and the position and condition of heat insulation,
if fitted on the refrigerant pipes (not present in all engine types).
– Evacuate and charge the refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner
with refrigerant R134a .
– Re-install the other components removed.
– Start up the air conditioner after charging the refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 186 .
168
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system