Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
13.3 Flap at outlet to defroster vents of air
distribution housing of air conditioner
♦ Heater air distributor housings with a flap -A- (in the air outlet
to the dash panel defroster vents) with no side recess -C- were
gradually introduced as of May 2007. On vehicles with no air
conditioner (heater only), the modification to this flap has no
influence on heater regulation (the flap is only actuated by way
of the setting on the heater operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- ).
♦ From May 2007 onwards, air distribution housing units for air
conditioner with a flap -A- (at the outlet to the dash panel de‐
froster vents) without a recess at the side -C- will gradually be
introduced. Introduction of the flap with no side recess -C- was
accompanied by modification of the air conditioner operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- (due to the absence of the
recess -B-, the flap must be opened somewhat further by the
control system in heating mode to route the same volume of
air to the windscreen) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ Air conditioner operating units ( Climatronic control unit -
J255- ) with parts number “8J0 820 043” up to index “AA” may
only be fitted in vehicles with an air distribution housing for air
conditioner with a flap at the outlet to the dash panel defroster
vents with a recess at the side -B- (exception: vehicles that are
driven only in tropical regions).
♦ Vehicles solely for use in the tropics were already fitted as of
March 2007 with the flap in the air outlet to the da s h panel
defroster vents with no side recess “C” to stop the windscreen
misting up from the outside in the area of the -defrost- vent.
As the windscreen will not mist up from the inside in these
conditions (no winter conditions), these vehicles can also be
equipped with an air conditioner operating unit ( Climatronic
control unit -J255- ) with parts number “8J0 820 043” up to
index “AA”.
♦ On air conditioner operating units, Climatronic control unit -
J255- with part number “8J0 820 043” as of index “AB”, the
“Adaption” function (in adaption channel “30”) can be used to
enter the version of the flap -A- (in the air outlet to the dash
panel defroster vents) (adaption of air conditioner operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
13.4 Dismantling and assembling evaporator
housing
– Detaching electrical add-on components from air conditioner
unit ⇒ page 178
– Detaching evaporator housing from air conditioner unit
⇒ page 181 .
183
13. Dismantling and assembling air conditioner unit