Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
80 – Heating
1 Notes on heater repair work
WARNING
Remove the appropriate fuse(s) before working on wiring.
Note
Disconnect the battery -A- before starting electric welding work
on the vehicle ⇒ Electrical system; Rep. Gr. 27
♦ Contact corrosion ⇒ page 1
♦ Notes on heater guided fault-finding ⇒ page 1
♦ Checking electrical components of heater ⇒ page 2
♦ Checking of electrical components actuated by the heater
⇒ page 2
1.1 Contact corrosion
Contact corrosion can occur if use is made of unsuitable con‐
necting elements, bolts, nuts, washers, rivets, plugs, grommets,
adhesives, etc.
For this reason, only connecting elements with a special surface
coating are fitted at the factory. In addition, rubber components,
plastic components and adhesives are made of non-conductive
materials. These tested, aluminium-compatible components are
also available as replacement parts ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Important:
♦ Always fit new parts in cases of doubt about reusability.
♦ We recommend the use of genuine replacement parts only, as
these have been checked and are compatible with aluminium
⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ We advise using Audi accessories ⇒ Electronic parts cata‐
logue .
♦ Damage caused by contact corrosion is not covered by war‐
ranty.
1.2 Notes on heater guided fault-finding
♦ There are different versions of the heater operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- . When renewing, observe precise
allocation. ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
♦ Heater self-diagnosis is to be performed by way of the “Guided
fault-finding” function using the vehicle diagnostic, testing and
information system ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051.
♦ At present heater operating units, Climatronic control unit -
J255- can be exchanged in the familiar manner, as component
protection is currently not active ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" func‐
tion of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS
5051 .
♦ If a heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- is to
be replaced, interrogate the encoding and adaption (of the
1
1. Notes on heater repair work