Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– In the area of the condensate drain hose, carefully fold back
the floor covering until the condensate drain is visible ⇒ Gen‐
eral body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 68
– Check the condensate drain -B- for proper routing (eliminate
any cross-sectional constriction for example) and for contam‐
ination.
– Cover the area beneath the opening -D- (for the condensate
drain -C-) with absorbent paper to stop any water running be‐
neath the floor covering.
– Remove condensate drain -B-.
– Use a piece of wire, for example, to check for contamination
of the condensate drain of the air conditioner unit -A-.
– Check the distance between the insulating mat fitted in the
transmission tunnel and the condensate drain -C- attached to
the end of the drain hose -B- by way of the opening -D- in the
floor panel. The clearance must be sufficient to permit drain‐
age of the condensate out of the condensate drain -C-.
Installing
Install in reverse order; paying attention to the following:
– Install the condensate drain -B- such that it is neither twisted
nor crushed.
– When fitting the floor covering, take particular care to ensure
that it does not squash the condensate drain -B-.
6.8 Removing and installing front left (or
right) chest vent temperature sensor
Front left chest vent temperature sensor -G385 - / front right chest
vent temperature sensor -G386-
Note
♦ This temperature sensor is always fitted on the driver's side.
On left-hand drive vehicles, the front left chest vent tempera‐
ture sensor -G385- is installed in the air duct to the left dash
panel vent. On right-hand drive vehicles, the front right chest
vent temperature sensor -G386- is installed in the air duct to
the right dash panel vent.
♦ Vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only) are not fitted with
a chest vent temperature sensor (depending on the version,
there is no mounting hole in the air duct or this is sealed with
a plug).
Removing
– Switch off ignition.
– Remove driver's storage compartment. ⇒ General body re‐
pairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
85
6. Components for control and regulation of air conditioner located in passenger compartment