Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Detach the air flow flap control motor -V71- -A- from the intake
housing.
– Mark and unplug the connector to the air flow flap control motor
-V71- .
Note
♦ The connection between the gear wheels of the air flow flap
control motor -V71- and the air flow flap is designed such that
the air flow flap control motor -V71- can only be readily de‐
tached in the “fresh air mode” position.
♦ If the control motor is in a different position and can no longer
be moved, it is not possible to simply detach the control motor,
but rather it must first be forced out of the mounting points
-B-. Take care not to damage the gear wheel -C- when doing
so.
Installing
Note
♦ Replacement air flow flap control motors -V71- are supplied in
“fresh air mode” position. The motor can only be attached to
the gear wheel of the air flow flap when the gear wheel -A- is
on stop -B-. Air flow flap control motors -V71- which have been
removed in a different position or actuated following removal
cannot be installed.
♦ If the gear wheel -A- of the air flow flap control motor -V71- is
not on stop -B- “fresh air mode”, connect the control motor by
way of the corresponding connector to the vehicle wiring har‐
ness. Then switch on the ignition and, on the air conditioner
(heater) operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- , select
“Defrost” mode (control motor moves to “fresh air mode” stop
-B-).
♦ If contacts “5” and “6” of the control motor are connected, e.g.
using an adapter lead ⇒ page 91 or a test cable from the
adapter set -V.A.G 1594 C- by way of a 5 A fuse to a 12 V
battery, the motor also moves in one direction as far as the
stop. Interchanging “positive” and “negative” reverses the di‐
rection.
– Actuate the control motor until the gear wheel -A- is on the
“fresh air mode” stop -B-.
– If necessary switch off the ignition.
– Before fitting the control motor, check the mounting of the air
flow flap in the intake housing and the position of the gear
wheel -C- (air flow flap open, fresh air mode).
– Connect air flow flap control motor -V71- to vehicle wiring har‐
ness (observe correct pin assignment).
103
7. Air conditioner unit components