Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Air recirculation flap control motor -V113- opens flap -E- and air
flow flap control motor -V71- moves air flow flap -A- to position
“air intake opening for recirculated air mode open”.
Wait until both control motors have reached their end position.
– Select “Defrost” mode on the air conditioner (heater) operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- (press the Defrost but‐
ton, the lamp in the Defrost button lights, in this mode the
control motors are always set to the “fresh air mode” position).
The air flow flap control motor -V71- sets the air flow flap -A- to
the position “air intake opening for recirculated air mode closed”.
The air recirculation flap control motor -V113- moves the flap
-E- to a position specified by the air conditioner (heater) operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- .
Wait until both control motors have reached their end position.
Re-install all the remaining components removed in reverse or‐
der.
7.11.2 Function of air flow flap control motor -
V71-
♦ With the recirculated air flap -E- closed, the position of the air
flow flap -A- can be seen by way of the air intake opening in
the plenum chamber (if applicable, remove plenum chamber
cover and cover over fresh air intake ⇒ page 68 ).
♦ For regulation of the air flow (currently only available for vehi‐
cles with air conditioner), the fresh air intake duct is p artially
closed via the air flow flap -A- at higher vehicle spee d s (as of
approx. 80 km/h) by the air conditioner operating unit, Clima‐
tronic control unit -J255- (the position of the recirculated air
flap -E- is specified by the air conditioner operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- ).
♦ To reduce the change in noise of the fresh air blower -V2-
produced by the difference in air intake on switching from fresh
air mode to recirculated air mode or vice versa, the air flow flap
control motor -V71- and the air recirculation flap control motor
-V113- are actuated as follows:
– On switching from fresh air mode to recirculated air mode, the
recirculated air flap -E- is opened first and the fresh air intake
duct then closed by way of the air flow/fresh air flap -A-.
– On switching from recirculated air mode to fresh air mode, the
fresh air intake duct is opened first by way of the air flow/fresh
air flap -A- and the recirculated air flap -E- then closed.
– In partial recirculated air mode (currently only available for ve‐
hicles with air conditioner), the recirculated air flap -E- is
opened and the air flow/fresh air flap -A- is moved to mid-po‐
sition by the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- (fresh air and recirculated air intake ducts are si‐
multaneously opened slightly). This ensures improved cooling
in certain temperature ranges and at the same time the intake
of a certain proportion of fresh air.
106
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system