Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Install the holder -A-, taking particular care to ensure that the
guide of the holder -B- is properly inserted in the mount of the
intake housing -C- and that the holder is correctly engaged in
both catches -D- and -E-.
– Check the two control motors held in position by the holder
-A-. Eliminate any clearance if necessary by attaching a piece
of foam to the inside of the attachment points -F- of the holder
-A-.
Note
♦ The position of the air flow flap control motor -V71- and the air
recirculation flap control motor -V113- (and the associated
flaps) can no longer be seen with the glove box fitted. It is
therefore appropriate to check operation before fitting the
glove box.
♦ If the two gear wheels (at the air flow flap control motor -V71-
and the air flow flap) have been assembled in the wrong
position, the air flow flap will not reach its two end positions
(may be detected as a fault via the “Basic setting” function) or
the control motor will not run smoothly.
– Switch on ignition.
– Interrogate the fault memory of the air conditioner (heater) and
erase any faults displayed ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
– After installing the control motors, perform air conditioner
(heater) basic setting and then interrogate the air conditioner
fault memory again ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
– Actuate the air flow flap control motor -V71- and the air recir‐
culation flap control motor -V113- as follows by way of the air
conditioner (he a ter) operating unit, Climatronic control unit -
J255- until the g e ar wheel is on the “recirculated air mode” stop
(this illustration shows the air flow flap -A- on the “fresh air
mode” stop) and then check the position of the air flow flap
(must be closed).
– First select the “Recirculated air mode” function on the air
conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control unit -
J255- .
105
7. Air conditioner unit components