Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
6.7 Removing/installing and checking con‐
densate drain hose
Note
♦ This vehicle is only fitted with one condensate drain.
♦ Vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only) are fitted with a
plug to seal the opening at the transmission tunnel (no con‐
densate drain is provided).
♦ There is neither a valve nor a flap at the end of the condensate
drain -C-.
♦ In the event of moisture problems in the passenger compart‐
ment, check the following in addition to the condensate drain:
– Water drains for plenum chamber ⇒ page 67
– Plenum ch amber cover and cover for fresh-air intake housing
for correct installation and damage ⇒ page 68
– Dust and pollen filter for contamination and correct installation
⇒ page 96
– Forced air extraction in luggage compartment ⇒ page 65
– Actuation and operation of the air flow flap ⇒ page 101 and
recirculated-air flap ⇒ page 89 and ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051.
♦ In the event of problems with moisture in the passenger com‐
partment which only occurs with the air conditioner compres‐
sor switched on under certain ambient conditions, additionally
check the temperature of the air flowing out of the evaporator
as follows ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diag‐
nostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 :
– In the “Reading measured value block” function of the guided
fault-finding routine, select the measured value block with the
measured value of the evaporator output temperature sender
-G263- .
– Check the temperature of the air flowing out of the evaporator
under the usage conditions described by the customer or with
the following settings on the air conditioner operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- : “Auto” mode, air conditioner
compressor switched on (lamp in AC button lights), “cold” tem‐
perature setting, medium fresh air blower speed with a voltage
of approx. 7 V at the fresh air blower -V2- , fresh air mode (lamp
in “recirculated air button” not lit) and dash panel vents open.
– If the measured value of the evaporator output temperature
sender -G263- is too low (at ambient temperature above 0 °C,
colder than 0 °C for lengthy period) or too high (greater than
e.g. 10 °C although air conditioner is functioning properly),
eliminate the cause of the deviation, paying attention to the
information on checking the cooling output ⇒ page 130 .
Removing and checking condensate drain hose
– Remove the left and right centre console trim and the front
centre console ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 68
84
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system