Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– On inserting the air conditioner unit, have a second person
(working from the engine compartment) feed both flanges for
the coolant pipes to the heat exchanger -A- and for the ex‐
pansion valve (to the evaporator) -B- through the lead-
throughs of the grommet -C-.
Note
♦ On fitting the air conditioner unit/heater, pay attention to both
coolant pipes to the heat exchanger to ensure that they do not
catch on the opening to the plenum chamber or on the noise
insulation mat and become bent or damaged.
♦ Pay attention to the wiring harness. Pulling too firmly could
damage individual wires.
– Attach the condensate drain to the connection at the air con‐
ditioner unit an d check proper positioning of the condensate
drain hose ⇒ page 84 .
– Re-install the components removed in reverse order with the
exception of the “driver's” storage compartment.
Note
♦ When installing the dash panel, make sure the intermediate
“defrost” piece is properly positioned on the air conditioner unit
(heater) on insertion and that the defroster vent does not
squash the intermediate piece on fitting ⇒ page 122 .
♦ After installing the dash panel, check the exit direction and
distribution of the air flow from the defroster vent to the wind‐
screen.
– Make sure coolant hoses are properly connected to heat ex‐
changer. Heed markings:
A - Supply from cylinder head
B - Return to coolant pump
– Fit refrigerant pipes to expansion valve ⇒ page 166 .
– Check the installation position of the coolant hoses with re‐
spect to the heat exchanger (they must not contact compo‐
nents which become hot) and the position and condition of
heat insulation, if fitted on the coolant hoses (not present in all
engine types).
– Bleed the coolant circuit ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 19 .
– Check the coolant circuit for leaks, paying particular attention
to the connection between the coolant pipes and the heat ex‐
changer ⇒ page 114 and ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 19 .
175
12. Servicing refrigerant circuit