Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
11 - Cap
❑ With seal
❑ Always to be screwed on
12 - Expansion valve
❑ Detaching and attaching refrigerant pipes ⇒ page 166
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ page 169
Note
13 - Evaporator
❑ Removing and installing air conditioner unit with evaporator ⇒ page 170
❑ Removing evaporator from air conditioner unit/installing ⇒ page 184
14 - Service connection on low-pressure end
❑ Different versions (with primary sealing valve or Schrader valve) depending on refrigerant pipe; distin‐
guishing features ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a
❑ For air conditioner service station for measuring pressure and draining refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner
with refrigerant R134a
❑ Use an adapter from the adapter set for service connections -T10364- for example for removing and
installing the service connection or valve insert with the refrigerant circuit drained.
❑ Depending on the engine version, certain components (e.g. ACF) may have to be removed for connection
of the service coupling.
WARNING
The refrigerant circuit
must be drained before
removing the service
connections (the con‐
nection has no valve).
15 - Cap
❑ With seal
❑ Always to be screwed on
12 .2 Detaching refrigerant pipes at air condi‐
tioner compressor/attaching
Note
♦ The air conditioner compressor is always driven when the en‐
gine is running; there is no magnetic clutch. Engine is therefore
not to be started unless refrigerant circuit has been properly
assembled. If, for example, the refrigerant pipes have not been
connected to the air conditioner compressor, heat generation
inside the air conditioner compressor with the engine running
may lead to the destruction of the compressor.
♦ The following illustration shows an air conditioner compressor
for a vehicle with 4-cyl. engine. The layout may differ on vehi‐
cles with other engines but the refrigerant pipes are to be
detached in the same manner.
♦ Seal open pipes and the connections at the air conditioner
compressor with suitable caps (to prevent the ingress of dirt
and moisture).
146
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system