Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
13.6 Starting up air conditioner after charging
refrigerant circuit
Note
♦ Do not start the engine until the refrigerant circuit has been
assembled.
♦ If possible only start the engine with the refrigerant circuit
charged.
♦ Do not start the engine during evacuation or with the refriger‐
ant circuit evacuated, as this could damage the air conditioner
compressor ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
♦ The air conditioner compressor is always driven by the pulley
or the drive shaft (there is no magnetic clutch). In no-load op‐
eration, air conditioner compressor lubrication is maintained
by way of an “internal oil circuit” to prevent damage.
♦ The air conditioner compressor is equipped with an “internal
oil circuit” to prevent damage if the refrigerant circuit is empty.
A prerequisite for this internal lubrication is that there is still a
residual quantity of refrigerant oil in the air conditioner com‐
pressor.
♦ The engine is not to be started unless the refrigerant circuit
has been properly assembled. If, for example, the refrigerant
pipes have not been connected to the air conditioner com‐
pressor, heat generation inside the air conditioner compressor
with the engine running may lead to the destruction of the
compressor.
♦ The air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- is not
actuated if the refrigerant circuit is empty and the air condi‐
tioner compressor runs at idle with the engine. The refrigerant
oil required for lubrication of the air conditioner compressor is
however not conveyed as there is no refrigerant (lubrication of
the air conditioner compressor is maintained by way of the
“internal oil circuit”).
If it is necessary to start the engine with an empty refrigerant cir‐
cuit
♦ The refrigerant circuit must have been completely assembled.
♦ There must not be any vacuum in the refrigerant circuit.
♦ There must be at least a quarter of the quantity of refrigerant
oil specified for this refrigerant circuit in the air conditioner
compressor.
♦ Engine speed must not exceed 2500 rpm.
♦ The engine should only run as long as is absolutely necessary.
Heed the following on starting the engine for the first time after
charging the refrigerant circuit:
♦ All components removed re-installed.
♦ Refrigerant circuit charged with refrigerant ⇒ Air conditioner
with refrigerant R134a .
♦ Heed the notes on start-up of the air conditioner after installing
the air conditioner compressor ⇒ Air conditioner with refrig‐
erant R134a .
– Start the engine with the air conditioner compressor switched
off (“Econ” mode set, lamp in AC button not lit) and wait for the
engine idling speed to stabilise.
186
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system