Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Open all dash panel vents.
– Start air conditioner self-diagnosis ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
– Start the engine and let it run for several minutes at maximum
cooling output (air conditioner compressor switched on, lamp
in AC button lights).
– Select the “Reading measured value block” function and read
out the display for actuation of the air conditioner compressor
regulating valve -N280- and the pressure in the refrigerant cir‐
cuit ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system VAS 5051 (the air conditioner
compressor is actuated and the pressure in the refrigerant cir‐
cuit is OK ⇒ page 131 ).
– Set the rotary temperature control of the air conditioner oper‐
ating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to the “cold” stop.
– Set the air outflow direction by way of the rotary air distribution
control on the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic con‐
trol unit -J255- to “footwell”.
– Read out the measured value block with the measured values
for the left footwell vent temperature sender -G261- , the right
footwell vent temperature sender -G262- and the evaporator
output temperature sender -G263- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051.
– Check and compare the measured values displayed for -
G261- , -G262- and -G263- .
♦ Specifications: Temperature max. 12 °C (depending on ambi‐
ent temperature), difference between measured values less
than 3 °C.
– Set the air outflow direction by way of the rotary air distribution
control on the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic con‐
trol unit -J255- to “dash panel vents”.
– Check and compare the measured values displayed for the
front left chest vent temperature sensor -G385- ( front right
chest vent temperature sensor -G386- on right-hand drive ve‐
hicles) and -G263- .
♦ Specifications: Temperature max. 12 °C (depending on ambi‐
ent temperature), difference between measured values less
than 3 °C.
– Set the rotary temperature control of the air conditioner oper‐
ating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to the “warm” stop.
– Set the rotary fresh air blower control to the “maximum speed”
stop.
– Set the air outflow direction (by way of the rotary air distribution
control on the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic con‐
trol unit -J255- ) such that roughly equal volumes of air emerge
from the “dash panel vents” and “footwell vents”.
Note
The rotary air distribution control can also be set such that air only
emerges from the “dash panel vents” or “footwell vents”. Use is
then however only to be made of the measured value of the tem‐
perature sensor fitted in the vent selected (if applicable, set the
air outflow direction alternately to “dash panel vents” and “footwell
vents”).
141
11. Checking heat output of air conditioner