Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ) prior to
removal by way of the “Control unit replacement” function ⇒
"Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051 .
1.3 Checking electrical components of heat‐
er
The heater electrical components are identical to the air condi‐
tioner components. The electrical checks for the various heater
components are therefore performed in the same manner as for
the components of the air conditioner ⇒ page 25 and ⇒ "Guided
fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and informa‐
tion system VAS 5051.
Vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only) are not fitted with
various components which are required for control purposes on
vehicles with an air conditioner ( air conditioner compressor reg‐
ulating valve -N280- , right temperature flap control motor -V159- ,
temperature sensor blower -V42- etc.) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 and ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault finding
and Fitting locations.
Note
The “Electrical checks” function is not described in this Workshop
Manual. When implementing electrical checks by way of the “Gui‐
ded fault-finding” function, information is given on the functions to
be checked ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnos‐
tic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
1.4 Checking of electrical components ac‐
tuated by the heater
By the heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255-
The vehicle electrical components actuated by the heater are
identical to those on vehicles with an air conditioner. The electrical
checks for the various components are therefore performed in the
same manner as for the components on vehicles with an air con‐
ditioner ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system VAS 5051 .
Operation and actuation of these components are identical on
vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only) and with an air con‐
ditioner ⇒ page 26 and ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051.
Note
Various electrical components in the vehicle (e.g. the heated rear
window -Z1- and the heated seats), which do not form part of the
heater, are actuated by the heater operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- . Electrical checking of these components is to
be performed as described in the guided fault-finding routine (it is
identical for vehicles with and without an air conditioner)
⇒ page 26 and ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle di‐
agnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051.
2
Rep. Gr.80 - Heating