Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
♦ Vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only) are fitted with a
heater operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- instead
of an air conditioner operating unit. The heater operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- has neither an integrated dash
panel temperature sensor -G56- nor a temperature sensor
blower -V42- .
♦ At present air conditioner (heater) operating units, Climatronic
control unit -J255- can be exchanged in the familiar manner,
as component protection is currently not active (introduction
not yet finalised) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information s ystem VAS 5051.
♦ If an air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- with active component protection (anti-theft sys‐
tem, introduction not yet finalised) is installed in a different
vehicle, the functions required for vehicle security can still be
selected, but not the convenience functions ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 .
♦ Component protection (anti-theft system, introduction not yet
finalised) can only be cancelled by entering certain vehicle
data ⇒ ”Guided fault-finding” function of vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ When replacing an air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- , attention must be paid to the
exact assignment ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue . Different ver‐
sions with or without seat heating switch, with different units
of temperature (°C or °F) at rotary temperature control, rotary
controls with black or silver surface.
♦ If a new air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- has been installed and basic setting not
performed, air conditioner control action is restricted and this
is displayed as a fault in the fault memory. After installing the
air conditioner (heater) operating unit, Climatronic control unit
-J255- , air conditioner (heater) basic setting is therefore to be
implemented in the specified manner ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ The buttons and rotary controls of the air conditioner (heater)
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- are illuminated
by light-emitting diodes (LEDs cannot be replaced).
♦ The function indicator lamps in the buttons and rotary controls
as well as the rotary controls and buttons cannot be replaced
separately.
♦ In the event of incorrect dash panel temperature sensor -G56-
measurements, check the intake grille of the trim panel in the
air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255-
(must not be closed off) as well as operation of the temperature
sensor blower -V42- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of ve‐
hicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051.
♦ The functions selected are indicated by lighting of the function
indicator lamps in the various buttons and rotary controls or in
the display zones above these of the air conditioner (heater)
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- .
♦ From May 2007 onwards, air distribution housing units for air
conditioner with a flap at the outlet to the dash panel defroster
vents (without a recess at the side) will gradually be intro‐
duced. Introduction of the flap with no side recess will be
accompanied by modification of the air conditioner operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- (due to the absence of the
recess, the flap must be opened somewhat further to route the
same volume of air to the windscreen) ⇒ Electronic parts
79
catalogue . Air conditione6r .o Cpoemrpaotinnegn tus nfoirt sc,o Cntrlioml aantdr orengicul actoionnt orof alir conditioner located in passenger compartment
unit -J255- with part number “8J0 820 043” up to index “AA”
are only to be fitted on vehicles with an air conditioner air dis‐
tributor housing with a flap in the air outlet to the dash panel
defroster vents with a side recess (exception: Vehicles used
solely in tropical regions) ⇒ page 183 . On air conditioner op‐
erating units, Climatronic control unit -J255- with part number
“8J0 820 043” as of index “AB”, the “Adaption” function can be
used to enter the version of the flap in the air outlet to the dash
panel defroster vents (adaption of air conditioner operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ Vehicles with 5-cyl. engine with no air conditioner are only to
be fitted with heater operating units with part number 8J0 819
043 as of index “D” ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒ "Gui‐
ded fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and
information system VAS 5051 .
♦ Vehicles with 5-cyl. engine with an air conditioner are only to
be fitted with air conditioner operating units with part number
8J0 820 043 as of index “AK” ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and
⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051 .