Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
1 - Air conditioner compressor
regulating valve -N280-
❑ Not to be removed
❑ Checking actuation and
operation ⇒ page 45
Note
2 - Air conditioner compressor
❑ Detaching air condition‐
er compressor from
holder/re-attaching (ve‐
hicles with 4 or 6-cyl. en‐
gine) ⇒ page 40
❑ Detaching air condition‐
er compressor from
holder/re-attaching (ve‐
hicles with 5-cyl. en‐
gine) ⇒ page 43
❑ Detaching refrigerant
pipe at air conditioner
compressor/attaching
⇒ page 146 .
Note
❑ Detaching poly V-belt ⇒
Engine, mechanics;
Rep. Gr. 13
❑ Removing and installing
air conditioner compres‐
sor ⇒ page 149
❑ The type of compressor
may differ depending on
the production period
and engine ⇒ Electronic
parts catalogue
❑ The air conditioner compressors fitted at the start of production are manufactured by “Denso” (type “6
SEU 14”). At a later date, other makes of air conditioner compressor may also be installed (e.g. “Sanden”,
type “PXE 16” or “ZJX”) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue and ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
❑ Not all replacement air conditioner compressors have the same oil capacity. Attention is therefore to be
paid to the quantity of oil in the air conditioner compressor ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a and
the exact part number ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Note
❑ Following installation of a new air conditioner compressor or after pouring in fresh refrigerant oil (e.g.
after blowing out the refrigerant circuit), give the air conditioner compressor 10 turns by hand prior to
initial start-up to prevent compressor damage.
3 - Pulley
❑ Replacing ⇒ page 48
❑ Removing and installing poly V-belt ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 13
❑ Poly V-belt assignment: ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
Note
4 - Oil drain plug
❑ The “Denso” air conditioner compressor is fitted with an oil seal which is always to be replaced.
❑ The “Sanden” air conditioner compressor is fitted with an O-ring (8.8 mm x 1.5 mm) which is always to
be replaced.
144
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system