Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Unplug the connectors -B- and -C-.
WARNING
The heat sink at the fresh air blower control unit -J126- may be
hot.
– Remove bolt -A-.
– Remove the fresh air blower control unit -J126- -D- from the
mount in the fresh air blower -V2- .
Installing
Re-install all parts removed in reverse order, paying attention to
the following:
Note
♦ On installation, pay attention to correct positioning of the fresh
air blower control unit -J126- -D- in the mount of the fresh air
blower -V2- .
♦ Following installation, check operation of the fresh air blower
control unit -J126- and the fresh air blower -V2- .
– Interrogate the fault memory of the air conditioner (heater) op‐
erating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- and erase any
faults displayed ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
– Perform air conditioner (heater) basic setting and final control
diagnosis and interrogate the fault memory again ⇒ "Guided
fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and infor‐
mation system VAS 5051 .
7.11 Removing/installing and operation of air
flow flap control motor -V71-
With potentiometer for air flow flap control motor -G113-
Note
♦ Operation of the control motor can be checked by way of the
“Final control diagnosis” function for example ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 or without a tester as follows: For checking
without a tester, connect the two contacts “5” and “6” in the
control motor connector to a 12 V DC source. The control mo‐
tor moves as far as the stop in one direction. Interchanging
positive and negative reverses the direction. Use an adapter
lead for this purpose ⇒ page 91 .
♦ Following installation of a new control motor, perform air con‐
ditioner (heater) basic setting ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function
of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ If necessary, actuation of the electrical components of the air
conditioner (heater) can be checked by way of the “Final con‐
trol diagnosis” and “Basic setting” functions (e.g. to check for
interchange) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle di‐
agnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
101
7. Air conditioner unit components