Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
❑ On left-hand drive vehicles with air conditioner, the front left chest vent temperature sensor -G385- is
installed in the air duct to the left dash panel vent.
9 - Defroster vent / left side window
❑ Air duct to door window
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
10 - Intermediate piece for air duct / defrost
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
❑ Installed between defroster vent and air conditioner unit (heater) outlet to defroster vent
❑ Crushing of the intermediate piece between the air conditioner unit (heater) and the air duct in the dash
panel on installing the dash panel will result in irregular or inadequate air routing to the windscreen ⇒
General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
11 - Fresh air intake
❑ The air is drawn in from the plenum chamber ⇒ page 68 .
12 - Intake for air from passenger compartment (in recirculated air mode)
❑ The air is drawn in under the glove box from the passenger's footwell.
13 - Interm ediate piece for air duct / dash panel vent
❑ To the three dash panel vents in the centre and to the left and right dash panel vents
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
❑ The air duct must engage in the air conditioner unit (heater) mount.
14 - Front right footwell vent
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
15 - Cap
❑ The outlet openings are always sealed off; there is no vent fitted in the rear centre console.
16 - Cap
❑ The outlet openings are always sealed off; there are no vents fitted in the rear footwell.
17 - Front left footwell vent
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ General body repairs, interior; Rep. Gr. 70
18 - Air conditioner unit (heater)
❑ Removing and installing air conditioner unit (heater) ⇒ page 170
❑ Air intake, air outlet and air routing in air conditioner unit (heater) ⇒ page 124
9.2 Air intake, air outlet and air routing in air
conditioner unit (heater)
Note
♦ Air routing and air distribution in passenger compartment
⇒ page 122
♦ For the fitting locations of the individual air conditioner com‐
ponents, refer to ⇒ page 61 , ⇒ page 70 and ⇒ page 87 .
♦ For the fitting locations of the individual heater components,
refer to ⇒ page 3 .
♦ Air intake and air outlet openings ⇒ page 125
♦ Air routing in evaporator housing ⇒ page 125
♦ Air routing in air distributor housing ⇒ page 127
124
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system