Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
2 Notes on air conditioner repair work
WARNING
Remove the appropriate fuse(s) before working on wiring.
Note
Disconnect the battery -A- before starting electric welding work
on the vehicle ⇒ Electrical system; Rep. Gr. 27
It is only permissible if so required by the pertinent safety regu‐
lations ⇒ page 21 , or if parts of the air conditioner refrigerant
circuit have to be replaced, to drain and open the air conditioner
refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 22 (draining refrigerant circuit).
The air conditioner refrigerant circuit must remain closed during
all other normal vehicle repair operations.
Service work which can be performed on the heater and air con‐
ditioner without opening the refrigerant circuit is described in this
Workshop Manual ⇒ page 60 .
Note
The connections for the senders/switches described in this Work‐
shop Manual are fitted with a valve which closes automatically
when the switches are unscrewed. These switches may therefore
be renewed in any VW/Audi workshop without draining the refrig‐
erant circuit.
Air conditioner service work for which the refrigerant circuit has to
be drained and which therefore cannot be performed at all VW/
Audi workshops is described as of ⇒ page 143 . Draining of the
refrigerant circuit requires the use of specific tools and such work
is also only to be performed by qualified personnel. For this rea‐
son, it may be necessary to take the vehicle to a workshop
equipped with the necessary tools where the work can be per‐
formed by appropriately qualified personnel ⇒ Air conditioner with
refrigerant R134a .
♦ Contact corrosion ⇒ page 24
♦ Notes on air conditioner guided fault-finding ⇒ page 25
♦ Checking electrical components of air conditioner
⇒ page 25
♦ Checking of electrical components actuated by the air condi‐
tioner ⇒ page 26
2.1 Contact corrosion
Contact corrosion can occur if use is made of unsuitable con‐
necting elements, bolts, nuts, washers, rivets, plugs, grommets,
adhesives, etc.
For this reason, only connecting elements with a special surface
coating are fitted at the factory. In addition, rubb e r components,
plastic components and adhesives are made of n on-conductive
materials. These tested, aluminium-compatible components are
also available as replacement parts ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
24
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system