Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
12 Servicing refrigerant circuit
Note
♦ The refrigerant in the refrigerant circuit is never to be topped
up (drain, evacuate and refill the circuit) ⇒ Air conditioner with
refrigerant R134a .
♦ The air conditioner compressor is always driven when the en‐
gine is running; there is no magnetic clutch. The engine is
therefore not to be started unless the refrigerant circuit has
been properly assembled. If, for example, the refrigerant pipes
have not been connected to the air conditioner compressor,
heat generation inside the air conditioner compressor with the
engine running may lead to the destruction of the compressor.
The internal heat generation is caused by the air conditioner
compressor operating against a fixed resistance even at ap‐
proximately 0 % delivery rate (sealed circuit).
♦ To stop the a i r conditioner compressor being destroyed when
the refrigerant circuit is empty, it is designed such that delivery
is reduced to roughly 0 % and lubrication is maintained by way
of an internal oil circuit with the oil left in the air conditioner
compressor.
♦ Replacement compressors contain the full quantity of refrig‐
erant oil required for the refrigerant circuit. ⇒ Air conditioner -
with refrigerant R134a
♦ Different types of refrigerant oil are specified for Denso, San‐
den and Zexel / Valeo air conditioner compressors ⇒ Air
conditioner with refrigerant R134a.
♦ The logo of the compressor manufacturer “Zexel” affixed to the
air conditioner compressor was switched as of year of pro‐
duction 2006 (when the manufacturer's name changed) from
“Zexel” to the new name “Valeo”.
♦ Coat O-ring seals lightly with refrigerant oil before fitting
⇒ page 39 .
♦ The specified O-ring diameters and the tightening torques also
apply to the screw connections of the refrigerant pipes and
refrigerant hoses between the individual components.
♦ Only fit O-rings approved for refrigerant R134a ⇒ page 39 , ⇒
Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a and ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue .
♦ Checking cooling output ⇒ page 130
♦ Checking pressures in refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner with
refrigerant R134a .
♦ For all other refrigerant circuit servicing and testing work not
described in this Workshop Manual, refer to ⇒ Air conditioner
with refrigerant R134a .
♦ Servicing refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 143 .
12.1 Servicing refrigerant circuit
HD = High-pressure end
ND = Low-pressure end
143
12. Servicing refrigerant circuit