Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Important:
♦ Always fit new parts in cases of doubt about reusability.
♦ We recommend the use of genuine replacement parts only, as
these have been checked and are compatible with aluminium
⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ We advise using Audi accessories ⇒ Electronic parts cata‐
logue .
♦ Damage caused by contact corrosion is not covered by war‐
ranty.
2.2 Notes on air conditioner guided fault-
finding
♦ There are various versions of the air conditioner operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- . When renewing, observe pre‐
cise allocation. ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
♦ Air conditioner self-diagnosis is to be performed by way of the
“Guided fault-finding” function using the vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" func‐
tion of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS
5051.
♦ At present air conditioner operating units, Climatronic control
unit -J255- can be exchanged in the familiar manner, as com‐
ponent protection is currently not active ⇒ "Guided fault-
finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 .
♦ If an air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -
J255- is to be replaced, interrogate the encoding and adaption
(of the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -
J255- ) prior to removal by way of the “Control unit replace‐
ment” function ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
2.3 Checking electrical components of air
conditioner
Note
♦ The “Electrical checks” function is not described in this Work‐
shop Manual. When implementing electrical checks by way of
the “Guided fault-finding” function, information is given on the
functions to be checked ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ The temperature-dependent resistance values of the various
temperature sensors are stored in tables which can be called
up via the “Guided fault-finding” function ⇒ "Guided fault-find‐
ing" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information
system VAS 5051 .
♦ Wiring and component check using test box -V.A.G 1598 A-
⇒ page 25
2.3.1 Checking wiring and components with
test box -V.A.G 1598 A-
Special tools, testers and other items required
♦ Test box (basic unit) -V.A.G 1598/14- with adapter -V.A.G
1598/11- and adapter -V.A.G 1598/12-
25
2. Notes on air conditioner repair work