Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
87 – Air conditioning system
1 Safety measures when working on
vehicles with air conditioner and for
handling refrigerant
The air conditioner assemblies and piping system are filled with
the following refrigerant:
1.1.1.2 tetrafluoroethane (CF3-CH2F or CH2F-CF3)
This refrigerant is currently known in Germany by the trade names
R134a, H-FKW 134a, SUVA 134a and KLEA 134a (other trade
names may be used in other countries).
♦ Safety precautions ⇒ page 21 .
♦ Draining refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 22 .
♦ Working on refrigerant circuit ⇒ page 22 .
♦ Painting work on vehicles with air conditioner ⇒ page 23 .
♦ Further information on air conditioner ⇒ page 23 .
1.1 Safety precautions
The following safety measures are to be heeded in Germany for
this refrigerant (additional regulations may apply in other coun‐
tries).
The refrigerant circuit is to be drained first should repair work re‐
quire the refrigerant circuit to be opened ⇒ page 22 . All contact
with liquid refrigerant or refrigerant vapours should be avoided.
Should refrigerant nevertheless escape, avoid inhaling the resul‐
tant refrigerant/air mixture.
Extraction systems are therefore to be switched on and use made
of both rubber gloves and safety goggles.
Explanation:
Intensive exposure to refrigerant on unprotected parts of the body
will result in frostbite.
WARNING
Keep an eye-bath to hand.
Should liquid refrigerant come into contact with the e yes, rinse
eyes thoroughly with water for approx. 15 minutes.
Then apply eye drops and consult a doctor immediately even
if no pain is felt.
Always inform doctor of the type of refrigerant involved.
Should refrigerant come into contact with other parts of the body
despite compliance with all the pertinent safety measures, these
are similarly to be rinsed thoroughly with cold water without delay
for at least 15 minutes.
Although refrigerants do not represent a fire hazard, smoking,
welding, soldering and brazing are not permitted in areas exposed
to refrigerant.
21
1. Safety measures when working on vehicles with air conditioner and for handling refrigerant