Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Set the rotary temperature control -A- of the heater operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to the “cold” stop.
– Set the rotary air distribution control -C- of the heater operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- such that air emerges from
the dash panel vents.
– Set the rotary fresh air blower speed control -B- of the heater
operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to the “maximum
fresh air blower speed” stop.
Note
♦ The heater operates in fresh air mode, the indicator lamp in
the recirculated air button -D- does not light.
♦ The fresh air blower runs at maximum speed.
– Select the “Reading measured value block” function ⇒ "Gui‐
ded fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and
information system VAS 5051.
– Read out the measured value block with the display for the
position of the left temperature flap control motor -V158- ⇒
"Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051.
– Measure the temperature of the air emerging from the dash
panel vents on the left and right.
Specifications:
♦ The display shows that the left temperature flap control motor
-V158- is set to the “bottom” stop (“cold” stop).
♦ The temperature of the air emerging from the dash panel vents
on the left and right is max. 15 °C higher than the ambient
temperature previously measured (temperature increase in
heater less than 16 °C).
♦ The difference in the temperature of the air emerging from the
dash panel vents on the left and right is less than 8 °C.
– Set the rotary temperature control -A- of the heater operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to the “warm” stop.
– Read out the measured value block with the display for the
position of -V158- ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051.
– Measure the temperature of the air emerging from the dash
panel vents on the left and right.
Specifications:
♦ The display shows that the left temperature flap control motor
-V158- is set to the “top” stop (“warm” stop).
♦ The temperature of the air emerging from the dash panel vents
on the left and right increases to a value above 55 °C (at an
engine temperature of approx. 90 °C, depending on the in‐
stantaneous engine temperature).
♦ The difference in the temperature of the air emerging from the
dash panel vents on the left and right is less than 8 °C.
Note
The coolant flow through the heat exchanger (and thus the heat
output) is also governed by the engine speed.
14
Rep. Gr.80 - Heating