Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
This pattern will appear on the oscilloscope screen (e.g. on the
vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system -VAS 5051 A- )
if the following conditions are satisfied.
– Ignition on (positive at contact “3” and earth at contact “1” at
high-pressure sender -G65- )
– Setting on oscilloscope: 5 V/div. DC (5 V per unit DC voltage)
5 ms/div. (5 milliseconds per unit)
– Test lead (signal wire) connected to contact “2” at high-pres‐
sure sender -G65- .
– Test lead (screen) connected to contact “1” (earth at high-
pressure sender -G65- ).
Note
♦ The illustration shows the signal transmitted at a refrigerant
circuit pressure of approx. 7 bar absolute, corresponding to a
signal ratio of approx. 25 % (level occurring with air conditioner
compressor not running, ambient temperature of 30 °C and
refrigerant circuit charged).
♦ Pulse width -A- is governed by pressure in refrigerant circuit
(area -A- becomes broader as pressure increases).
♦ The signal distance -B- is always 20 milliseconds (correspond‐
ing to a frequency of 50 hertz).
♦ The duty cycle is derived from the ratio of pulse width -A- to
signal distance -B-.
♦ Test leads from the adapter set -V.A.G 1594/C- can be em‐
ployed for example for this test or an adapter lead can be
made. For this, use one connector -A- and -B- each (with part
number 1J0 973 703 and 1J0 973 803 and the corresponding
plug contacts), two commercially available sockets for banana
plugs -C- and three wires with a cross section of 0.5 mm2 for
example.
3.4 O-ring seals for refrigerant circuit
♦ O-ring seals are only ever to be used once and then replaced.
♦ Coat O-ring seals with refrigerant oil before fitting.
♦ Pay attention to correct positioning of O-ring seals on pipe or
in groove.
♦ Ensure absolute cleanliness when working (even the slightest
contamination, e.g. a single hair, could cause leakage).
Note
♦ Only O-ring seals which are resistant to the refrigerant R134a
and the corresponding refrigerant oil may be installed. Such
O-rings are colour coded to prevent mix-ups (currently “red”,
“lilac” or “violet”) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ Dimensions -a- and -b- differ depending on the fitting location
of the O-ring: ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
♦ In addition to the coloured O-ring seals, black O-ring seals are
also used at the factory for certain connections.
39
3. Servicing work on refrigerant circuit