Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
♦ The pressure in the refrigerant circuit is governed by various
factors of influence. As a general rule, however, the pressure
should not exceed 20 bar at an ambient temperature of 20 to
25 °C. Under extreme usage conditions (e.g. in hot countries
with high ambient temperatures, “stop and go traffic” and high
relative humidity), the extremely high cooling output involved
may also result in pressures of up to 31 bar.
♦ At ambient temperatures below 25 °C the pressure in the re‐
frigerant circuit does not usually rise above 16 bar (the radiator
fan(s) run(s) and cool(s) the condenser).
♦ The signal ratio of the high-pressure sender -G65- (display in
measured value block) is used by the air conditioner operating
unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to calculate the pressure
in the refrigerant circuit. If the duty cycle is less than 10 %
(corresponding to approx. 1.2 bar absolute pressure) and
greater than 78 % (corresponding to approx. 32 bar absolute
pressure), the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic con‐
trol unit -J255- does not switch on the air conditioner com‐
pressor (the air conditioner compressor regulating valve -
N280- is not actuated). The air conditioner compressor is only
re-activated once the duty cycle exceeds 12 % (corresponding
to absolute pressure of 1.8 bar) or drops below 74 % (corre‐
sponding to absolute pressure of 29 bar).
♦ To prevent abrupt air conditioner compressor shutoff on ac‐
count of excessive pressure in the refrigerant circuit or exces‐
sive coolant temperature, the compressor output is reduced
by the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -
J255- as soon as the pressure in the refrigerant circuit exceeds
30 bar (absolute) (full compressor output is not released again
until the pressure has dropped below 27 bar) or the coolant
temperature exceeds 115 °C (complete shutdown at 118 °C).
♦ If the pressure in the refrigerant circuit had been in excess of
32 bar (duty cycle greater than 78 %), the air conditioner op‐
erating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- does not re-acti‐
vate the air conditioner compressor until the pressure has
dropped below 29 bar (duty cycle less than 74 %).
♦ For further information on the pressure in the refrigerant cir‐
cuit, refer to ⇒ page 35 (checking pressure signal from high-
pressure sender -G65- ) and ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function
of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051.
10.1.4 Measures to be taken in the event of
temperature increase downstream of
evaporator
The cooling output required is attained in the cooling output test,
but the air is found to heat up excessively after leaving the evap‐
orator ⇒ page 131
137
10. Checking cooling output of air conditioner