Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
11 Checking heat output of air condition‐
er
Note
If the coolant circuit is not completely bled after filling, air may
accumulate in the heat exchanger of the air conditioner unit and
thus reduce the heat output of the air conditioner. In addition,
noise may occur or complaints may be received about differences
in the temperature of the air from the driver's and front passeng‐
er's vents despite identical setting.
Remedy:
– Perform a lengthy test drive at high engine speed (at least 10
minutes, engine speed above 2500 rpm). In doing so, select
a low gear to prevent excessive vehicle speed.
– In the event of complaints about poor heat output at certain
engine speeds, check incorporation of heat exchanger in air
conditioner unit into coolant circuit. If the two coolant hoses
(supply and return) from the engine have been interchanged,
coolant will flow in the wrong direction through the heat ex‐
changer ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 19 .
♦ Checking heat output ⇒ page 140 .
11.1 Checking heat output
Special tools and workshop equipment required
♦ Vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system -VAS 5051
A- (or vehicle diagnostic and service information system -VAS
5052- ).
♦ Prerequisites for checking heat output ⇒ page 140
♦ Checking heat output ⇒ page 140 .
11.1.1 Prerequisites for checking heat output
♦ Coolant circuit bled in specified manner: ⇒ Engine, Mechan‐
ics; Rep. Gr. 19
♦ All air ducts, covers and seals OK and properly installed.
♦ Air throughput of dust and pollen filter not impaired by dirt
♦ Engine warm.
♦ Fault memory of air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- interrogated and erased, basic setting per‐
formed and encoding of air co n ditioner operating unit, Clima‐
tronic control unit -J255- check ed ⇒ "Guided fault-finding"
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system
VAS 5051 .
♦ Adaption of air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- checked ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehi‐
cle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ Vehicle not exposed to sunlight.
11.1.2 Checking heat output
Prerequisites for checking heat output satisfied ⇒ page 140 .
– Close the bonnet.
– Close the doors, windows and rear lid.
140
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system