Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
2.1 Components not located in passenger compartment
1 - Forced air extractor
❑ One forced air extractor
each is fitted on the left
and right beneath the
rear bumper.
❑ The sealing lips of the
vent frame must move
freely and close auto‐
matically.
❑ To ensure proper func‐
tioning of the passenger
compartment ventila‐
tion, the air ducts must
not be blocked by the
luggage compartment
lining.
❑ Checking ⇒ page 65
2 - Fresh-air intake grille
❑ Ensure correct position‐
ing, stops ingress of for‐
eign matter (e.g. leaves)
into the intake housing
of the heater.
❑ Check the bonded seal
for damage and proper
attachment. This seal
stops water running be‐
neath the intake grille in‐
to the intake housing of
the heater.
❑ Removing and installing
⇒ page 68
3 - Cover for fresh-air intake
❑ Check the bonded seal
for damage and proper
attachment. This seal
stops water running be‐
tween the lower frame of the windscreen and the cover into the intake housing of the heater.
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ page 68 and ⇒ General body repairs, exterior; Rep. Gr. 50
4 - Radiator fan -V7- and radiator fan 2 -V177-
❑ Different versions of the radiator fan -V7- and radiator fan 2 -V177- are fitted depending on the vehicle
equipment ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
❑ In normal vehicle operation, the radiator fans are not actuated by the heater operating unit, Climatronic
control unit -J255- . The measured value block of the heater operating unit shows that the fans are not
being actuated; for checking refer to ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and
information system VAS 5051 .
❑ The request for activation of the radiator fan(s) -V7- is only transmitted by the heater operating unit,
Climatronic control unit -J255- by way of the data bus to the engine control unit in the “Final control
diagnosis” function. With the engine running, the engine control unit then actuates the fan(s) ( radiator
fan -V7- and radiator fan 2 -V177- ) directly or by way of the radiator fan control unit -J293- ⇒ "Guided
fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 and ⇒ Engine,
mechanics; Rep. Gr. 19 .
❑ With the engine running, the corresponding engine control unit switches e.g. the radiator fan -V7- and
the radiator fan 2 -V177- (directly or via the radiator fan control unit -J293- ) infinitely to the desired output
(depending on the engine type) ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and in‐
formation system VAS 5051 and ⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault finding and Fitting locations.
4
Rep. Gr.80 - Heating