Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Note
♦ The cooling output cannot be checked with the high-pressure
sender -G65- removed; the air conditioner operating unit, Cli‐
matronic control unit -J255- does not switch on the air condi‐
tioner compressor ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
♦ After switching off the air conditioner compressor, a relatively
long period may elapse with this vehicle before the pressure
on the high-pressure end decreases (the expansion valve is
cold and the pressure on the low-pressure end increases rap‐
idly after switch-off, the expansion valve closes and the refrig‐
erant can only flow slowly to the low-pressure end).
♦ Depending on the version of the high-pressure sender -G65- ,
the measured value for the pressure in the refrigerant circuit
transmitted by the high-pressure sender -G65- may be too low
at low ambient temperatures (ambient temperature less than
5 °C) although the air conditioner is OK and the refrigerant
circuit has been properly charged. With air conditioner oper‐
ating units, Climatronic control unit -J255- with part number
“8J0 820 043” up to index “AJ”, this may therefore erroneously
lead to a fault memory entry at ambient temperatures below
5 °C (fault memory entry: High-pressure sender -G65- “Lower
limit value not reached”). If the fault is only displayed as a
sporadic fault at ambient temperatures calculated by the air
conditioner of above 5 °C and the air conditioner is functioning
properly, the fault memory entry can be erased (no further ac‐
tion is necessary). This fault no longer occurs with air condi‐
tioner operating units, Climatronic control unit -J255- with part
number “8J0 820 043” as of index “AK”.
Test sequence
The high-pressure sender -G65- -Item B- is locate d at the bottom
right of the condenser.
– Unplug the connector -A-.
Assignment of 3-pin connector at high-pressure sender -G65-
1 - Earth
2 - Signal output - square-wave signal to air conditioner oper‐
ating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255-
3 - Terminal “75” (positive)
Note
♦ The air conditioner compressor is not switched on if the con‐
nector -A- is unplugged.
♦ The high-pressure sender -G65- -B- is an electronic control
unit which generates a square-wave signal with a ratio which
varies with the pressure in the refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 37 .
♦ Pressure signal from high-pressure sender -G65-
⇒ page 37
36
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system