Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
↓ ↓ ↓
yes no
↓ ↓
– Read out the measured value block ↓ The vehicle is to –be taken to a workshop
with the compressor shutoff criteria Continued equipped with the necessary tools where
and eliminate the cause of deactiva‐ ⇒ page 136 the work can be performed by appropriately
tion ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function qualified personnel ⇒ Air conditioner with
of vehicle diagnostic, testing and in‐ refrigerant R134a . Inform the workshop of
formation system VAS 5051 . the problems encountered.
– Repeat cooling output test.
Continuation of test: “Increase in pressure in refrigerant circuit”
– Open bonnet.
– Repeat cooling output test ⇒ page 130 .
– Read out the measured value block with the display for the pressure in the refrigerant circuit ⇒ "Guided
fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 .
• Operation of radiator fan(s) ( radiator fan -V7- and radiator fan 2 -V177- ) during cooling output test (speed
governed by coolant temperature and pressure in refrigerant circuit, determined by engine control unit)
or switch-in as soon as pressure in refrigerant circuit exceeds a value of approx. 9 bar?
↓ ↓
yes no
↓ ↓
– Read out the measured value block with the – Check actuation of the radiator fan(s), e.g. in the “fi‐
pressure in the refrigerant circuit and actuation nal control diagnosis” function. ⇒ "Guided fault-
of the radiator fans ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and
function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and infor‐ information system VAS 5051.
mation system VAS 5051 .
– Service the radiator fan actuation system.
• Operation of radiator fan(s) at higher speed as
pressure in refrigerant circuit increases? – Repeat cooling output test ⇒ page 130 .
↓ ↓
yes no
↓ ↓
– The vehicle is to be tak‐ – Check actuation of the radiator fan(s), e.g. in the “Final control diagnosis”
en to a workshop equip‐ function ⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and
ped with the necessary information system VAS 5051 .
tools where the work can
be performed by appro‐ – Service the radiator fan actuation system.
priately qualified per‐
sonnel ⇒ Air conditioner – Repeat the cooling output test ⇒ page 130 .
with refrigerant R134a .
Inform the workshop of
the problems encoun‐
tered.
136
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system