Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Explanation:
The high temperature of a naked flame or hot objects causes de‐
composition of refrigerant gas. Inhalation of the toxic decompo‐
sition products would cause dry coughing and nausea.
1.2 Draining refrigerant circuit
Refrigerant must not be allowed to escape into the environment.
It should be extracted from the refrigerant circuit by means of a
suction unit or an air conditioner service station. The refrigerant
removed is then either to be re-processed on site or returned to
the manufacturer for proper disposal (different or additional reg‐
ulations may apply in other countries). For this reason, the vehicle
is to be taken to a workshop equipped with the necessary tools
where the work can be performed by appropriately qualified per‐
sonnel. ⇒ Air conditioner - with refrigerant R134a
Explanation:
Should it escape into the earth's atmosphere, refrigerant R134a
will have a detrimental effect in terms of global warming.
Note
♦ Refrigerant R134a has far less of a greenhouse effect than
R12.
♦ Refrigerant R134a does not affect the earth's ozone layer
(R134a is an H-FC with no chlorine atoms). The depletion of
the ozone in the upper atmosphere is however only caused by
the splitting of carbon-chlorine bonds (as is the case, for ex‐
ample, with the refrigerant R12).
After draining the air conditioner, unplug the connector from the
air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- or from the
high-pressure sender -G65- .
Explanation:
The air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- is then no
longer actuated and the air conditioner compressor runs at idle.
The air conditioner compressor is designed such that lubrication
of the air conditioner compressor components is guaranteed by
way of an internal oil circuit at idle (provided there is sufficient
refrigerant oil in the air conditioner compressor).
1.3 Working on refrigerant circuit
Work on refrigerant circuit is only to be carried out in well venti‐
lated areas Care should be taken to ensure that there are no
inspection pits, shafts or cellar entrances within a radius of 5 me‐
tres. Extraction systems are to be switched on.
Explanation:
The refrigerant emerging is not only colourless and odourless, but
also heavier than air and thus displaces oxygen. Should refriger‐
ant gas nevertheless escape, this can result in an imperceptible
danger of asphyxiation in poorly ventilated areas and inspection
pits.
Note
The mixture of gas and air which forms when refrigerant gas es‐
capes must not be inhaled. Use is to be made of suitable work‐
shop extractors.
22
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system