Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Remove both bolts -A- at the holder for the wiring harness
-B-.
– Unplug the connector -C-.
– Detach condensate drain from air conditioner unit
⇒ page 84 .
– Detach the remaining vehicle wiring harness fasteners (e.g.
cable ties) at the top of the air conditioner unit.
– On vehicles with electric supplementary heater (vehicles with
diesel engine only), disconnect the power supply wiring from
the supplementary air heater element -Z35- ⇒ page 111 .
– Unplug all connectors between the vehicle wiring harness and
the electrical components at the air conditioner unit (heater).
Note
The “air conditioner” / “heater” wiring harness is removed with the
air conditioner unit (heater).
– Carefully pull the right side of the air conditioner unit (heater)
slightly to the rear (such that the bolt -B- at the right holder
-A- can be slackened off).
Note
♦ Only pull gently on the air conditioner unit (heater) so as not
to break the holder -A-.
♦ Slackening off the bolt -B- involves reaching between the air
conditioner unit (heater) and the floor cove ring at the right
wheel housing (the fresh air blower -V2- m u st be removed be‐
forehand).
– Remove the bolts -B- and detach the holder -A- from the air
conditioner unit/heater (leave the holder attached to the wiring
harness in the vehicle).
– Release the fasteners of the vehicle wiring harness (e.g. the
cable ties) at the air conditioner unit (heater) on the right.
– Detach both flanges for the coolant pipes to the heat exchang‐
er -A- and for the expansion valve (to the evaporator) -B- from
the lead-throughs of the grommet -C-.
Note
♦ On removing the air conditioner unit (heater), pay attention to
both coolant pipes to the heat exchanger to ensure that they
do not catch on the opening to the plenum chamber or on the
noise insulation mat and become bent or damaged.
♦ Pay attention to the wiring harness. Pulling too firmly could
damage individual wires.
173
12. Servicing refrigerant circuit