Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
9.2.1 Air intake and air outlet openings
1 - Fresh air intake
❑ The air is drawn in from
the plenum chamber
⇒ page 68 .
2 - Intake for air from passen‐
ger compartment (in recircula‐
ted air mode)
❑ The air is drawn in under
the glove box from the
passenger's footwell.
3 - Outlet to front right footwell
vent
4 - Outlet to right dash panel
vent
5 - Outlet to centre dash panel
vents
6 - Outlet to left dash panel
vent
7 - Outlet to front left footwell
vent
8 - Outlet to dash panel de‐
froster vents
❑ From May 2007 on‐
wards, air distribution
housing units for air con‐
ditioner with a defroster
flap (at the outlet to the
dash panel defroster
vents) without a recess
at the side will gradually
be introduced. Introduc‐
tion of the flap with no
side recess was accom‐
panied by modification
of the air conditioner op‐
erating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- ⇒ page 183 and ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue . Pay attention
to the correct version and the adaption of the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255-
⇒ "Guided fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and information system VAS 5051 . On
vehicles with no air conditioner (heater only), the modification to this flap has no influence on heater
regulation (the flap is only actuated by way of the setting on the heater operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- ).
9 - Outlet to rear right footwell vent
❑ The outlet opening is always sealed with a cap; there are no vents fitted in the rear footwell.
10 - Outlet to rear left footwell vent
❑ The outlet opening is always sealed with a cap; there are no vents fitted in the rear footwell.
11 - Outlet to vent in rear centre console
❑ The outlet openings are always sealed with a cap; there is no vent fitted in the rear centre console.
12 - Outlet to vent in rear centre console
❑ The outlet openings are always sealed with a cap; there is no vent fitted in the rear centre console.
9.2.2 Air routing in evaporator housing
(In heater air duct)
125
9. Block diagram of air distribution system