Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
– Screw out the plastic bolt -A- (tightening torque 2 Nm).
– Lift the dryer mount -C- with the dryer cartridge -D- out of the
condenser.
– Use a commercially available claw grip for example to pull the
filter element -E- upwards out of the condenser.
Note
Seal the open connection at the condenser with the plastic bolt
-A- (to prevent the ingress of dirt and moisture).
Installing
Install in reverse order, paying attention to the following:
♦ Check the receiver at the condenser for contamination by way
of the opening -F-.
♦ Check the thread -F- in the receiver at the condenser for con‐
tamination or damage.
♦ Replace the plastic bolt -A-, the dryer mount -C-, the dryer
cartridge -D-, the filter element -E- and the O-ring -B-.
♦ Moisten the O-ring -B- with a small quantity of refrigerant oil
before fitting ⇒ page 39 .
♦ Pay attention to correct positioning of the O-ring -B- in the
groove of the plastic bolt -A-.
♦ Keep the bag with the air-tight seal containing the dryer car‐
tridge -D- closed as long as possible. Only open the bag
immediately prior to insertion of the dryer cartridge in the con‐
denser. After opening the bag, the dryer cartridge soon be‐
comes saturated with moisture from the ambient air and thus
unusable.
– Insert the filter element -E- in the correct position in the re‐
ceiver of the condenser.
– Remove the dryer cartridge -D- from the bag and insert it in
the dryer mount -C-.
– Insert the dryer cartridge -D- together with the dryer mount
-C- in the receiver of the condenser.
– Screw in the plastic bolt -A- (tightening torque 2 Nm).
– Fit the condenser ⇒ page 153 (vehicles with 4-cyl. engine) or
⇒ page 157 (vehicles with 6-cyl. engine).
– Re-install the other components removed.
– Evacuate and charge the refrigerant circuit ⇒ Air conditioner
with refrigerant R134a .
– Start up the air conditioner after charging the refrigerant circuit
⇒ page 186 .
Note
Also heed the notes on start-up of the air conditioner after charg‐
ing ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
Dryer cartridge replacement on a condenser for vehicles with 5-
cyl. en gine
163
12. Servicing refrigerant circuit