Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
Ambient temperature in ° Pressure display (in bar absolute)
C
15 4,0
20 5,0
25 6,0
30 7,0
35 8,0
Note
♦ At absolute pressure, 0 bar corresponds to an absolute vac‐
uum. Normal ambient pressure thus corresponds to roughly 1
bar absolute. On the scales of most pressure gauges, 0 bar
corresponds however to an absolute pressure of one bar (can
be seen from -1 mark below 0).
♦ At present, the measured value block on this vehicle only in‐
dicates values as whole numbers. The display fluctuates be‐
tween two values if the measured pressure is between the two.
♦ Pressure in refrigerant circuit is governed by ambient temper‐
ature. Due to the radiation of heat by components (e.g. the
radiator), the pressure displayed with a warm engine is slightly
higher than that given for the corresponding ambient temper‐
ature.
♦ If the displayed pressure is lower than that given in the table:
Check the signal of the high-pressure sender -G65-
⇒ page 35 . If no fault is found at the high-pressure sender,
there is not enough refrigerant in the circuit. The vehicle is to
be taken to a workshop equipped with the necessary tools
where the work can be performed by appropriately qualified
personnel. Inform the workshop of the problem encountered
(not enough refrigerant in the circuit) ⇒ Air conditioner with
refrigerant R134a .
If the pressure in the refrigerant circuit is OK
– Switch on the air conditioner compressor by selecting “Auto”
mode on the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic control
unit -J255- (lamps in AUTO button and AC button light).
– Set the rotary temperature control of the air conditioner oper‐
ating unit, Climatronic control unit -J255- to the “cold” stop.
– Set the air outflow direction by way of the rotary air distribution
control on the air conditioner operating unit, Climatronic con‐
trol unit -J255- to “dash panel vents”.
– In the “Reading measured value block” function, select the
display group with the measured values for actuation of the air
conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- and the
measured value of the high-pressure sender -G65- ⇒ "Guided
fault-finding" function of vehicle diagnostic, testing and infor‐
mation system VAS 5051.
– Check display in display zones:
♦ Indication of a duty cycle greater than 30 % (actuation of the
air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- , the air
conditioner compressor is switched on).
♦ Indication of a current greater than 0.3 A (current flowing via
the air conditioner compressor regulating valve -N280- , the
air conditioner compressor is switched on).
132
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system