Audi TT 2007 ➤
Heating and Air Conditioning - Edition 04.2009
1 - Air conditioner compressor
regulating valve -N280-
❑ Checking actuation and
operation ⇒ page 45 1)
2 - Air conditioner compressor
❑ Detaching air condition‐
er compressor from
holder/re-attaching (ve‐
hicles with 4 or 6-cyl. en‐
gine) ⇒ page 40 1)
❑ Detaching air condition‐
er compressor from
holder/re-attaching (ve‐
hicles with 5-cyl. en‐
gine) ⇒ page 43 1)
❑ When installing the re‐
frigerant pipes and the
corresponding holder,
make sure there is suffi‐
cient distance between
the belt, holder and pul‐
ley.
❑ Type of compressor
may differ depending on
production period and
engine. ⇒ Electronic
parts catalogue
❑ The air conditioner com‐
pressors fitted at the
start of production are
manufactured by
“Denso” (type “6 SEU
14”). At a later date, oth‐
er makes of air condi‐
tioner compressor may
also be installed (e.g.
“Sanden”, type “PXE
16” or “ZJX”) ⇒ Elec‐
tronic parts catalogue and ⇒ Air conditioner with refrigerant R134a .
❑ Air conditioner compressors are available as replacement parts with different oil capacities and attention
must therefore be paid to the oil quantity in the air conditioner compressor as well as the exact part
number ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
❑ There may be different refrigerant oil capacities for the refrigerant circuit depending on the type of air
conditioner compressor. The reason for the different oil quantities in the air conditioner compressor for
an otherwise identical refrigerant circuit is the design of the actual air conditioner compressor. Attention
is to be paid to these oil quantities. Too much oil in the circuit results in higher pressures and reduced
system cooling output. Too little oil may lead to lubrication problems in the air conditioner compressor.
3 - Pulley
❑ Replace 1) ⇒ page 48
❑ Removing and installing poly V-belt 1) ⇒ Engine, mechanics; Rep. Gr. 13
❑ Poly V-belt assignment: ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue
Note
4 - Oil drain plug
5 - Pressure relief valve
6 - Connection with valve
7 - High-pressure sender -G65- 1)
❑ Removing and installing ⇒ page 33
32
Rep. Gr.87 - Air conditioning system