Audi TT 2007 ➤
Injection and ignition system (6-cyl. 3.2 ltr. 4-valve injection engine) - Edition 07.2007
Note the following if testers and measuring instruments have to
be used during a road test:
WARNING
Accidents can be caused if the driver is distracted by test
equipment while road-testing, or if test equipment is not prop‐
erly secured.
Injuries can also be caused if the passenger's airbag is trig‐
gered in a collision.
• The use of test equipment while driving causes distraction.
• There is an increased risk of injury if test equipment is not
secured.
TT Coupé:
Test equipment must always be secured on the rear seat with
a strap and operated from the rear seat by a second person.
TT Roadster:
♦ Move the passenger's seat back as far as it will go.
♦ Use only vehicle diagnosis and service information sys‐
tem -VAS 5052- or diagnosis system -VAS 5053- .
♦ The test equipment -1- must rest flat on the passenger's
thighs (as shown in illustration) and must be operated by
the passenger.
1.2 Rules for cleanliness when working on
fuel supply system and injection system
Even small amounts of dirt can cause malfunctions. For this rea‐
son, please observe the following rules when working on the fuel
supply system and injection system:
♦ Carefully clean connection points and the surrounding area
with engine cleaner or brake cleaner and dry thoroughly before
opening.
♦ Seal off open lines and connections with clean plugs or sealing
caps immediately.
♦ Place parts that have been removed on a clean surface and
cover them over. Use only lint-free cloths.
♦ Carefully cover or seal open components if repairs cannot be
carried out immediately.
♦ Only install clean components; replacement parts should only
be unpacked immediately prior to installation. Do not use parts
that have been previously unpacked and stored away loose
(e.g. in toolboxes, etc.).
♦ When the system is open: Do not wor k with compressed air.
Do not move the vehicle unless absol u tely necessary.
♦ Protect unplugged electrical connectors against dirt and mois‐
ture and make sure connections are dry when attaching.
2
Rep. Gr.24 - Mixture preparation - injection