Audi TT 2007 ➤
Injection and ignition system (6-cyl. 3.2 ltr. 4-valve injection engine) - Edition 07.2007
2.4 Removing and installing air filter ele‐
ment
Removing
– Detach resonance pipe -2- from air intake hose.
– Disconnect air intake hose -1- from throttle valve module -
J338- .
– Detach electrical connector -3- for air mass meter -G70- .
– Detach air cleaner housing (top section) -arrow- and take out
air filter element.
Installing
• Tightening torque ⇒ page 10 .
Installation is carried out in the reverse order; note the following:
To ensure the proper function of the air mass meter it is important
to observe the following notes and instructions.
Note
♦ If the air filter element is very dirty or wet, dirt or water could
reach the air mass meter and affect the air mass value. This
would lead to loss of power, since a smaller injection quantity
is calculated.
♦ Always use genuine part for air filter element.
♦ The air cleaner housing MUST be clean.
♦ Secure all hose connections with the correct type of hose clips
(same as original equipment) ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
♦ To prevent malfunctions, cover all critical parts of the engine
air intake tract (air mass meter, intake pipes, etc.) with a clean
cloth when blowing out the air cleaner housing with com‐
pressed air.
♦ Please observe requirements for disposal.
– Blow out water drain (small hole in bottom section of air clean‐
er housing) with compressed air.
– Clean salt residue, dirt and leaves out of air cleaner housing
(top and bottom sections); use a vacuum cleaner if necessary.
– Check for salt residue, dirt and leaves in air mass meter and
air intake hose (engine intake side).
– Check for dirt and leaves in air duct go i ng from lock carrier to
air cleaner housing.
– When installing the air filter element, check that it is properly
centred in the retainer in the air cleaner housing (bottom sec‐
tion).
– Fit the top section of the air cleaner housing carefully on the
bottom section, without using force. Make sure the top section
of the air cleaner housing is fitted straight on the air filter ele‐
ment (note position of sealing lip on air filter element).
– Ensure secure fit of intake hose at air mass meter.
12
Rep. Gr.24 - Mixture preparation - injection