Audi TT 2007 ➤
Maintenance Procedures - Edition 08.2011
Rear Towing Eye
The rear towing eye is located under the bumper cover on the rear
right.
– Screw towing eye in by hand and tighten counter-clockwise
using wheel bolt wrench.
Tow starting or towing vehicle
Note
♦ Tow-ropes or bars should be attached at above mentioned
points only.
♦ The tow-rope should be able to stretch to reduce the risk of
damage to both vehicles. Therefore only ropes of synthetic
material or rope from similarly flexible material should be used.
However it is safer to use a tow bar!
♦ Avoid excessive towing effort and do not jerk. During towing
operations on unsurfaced roads there is always a danger that
the attachment points will be overstressed and damaged.
♦ Vehicle towing should only be done if it is not possible to start
the engine with the starting assist cable.
If the vehicle must ever tow or be towed, observe the following:
♦ Legal regulations concerning towing must be observed.
♦ Both drivers must be familiar with towing procedures. Inex‐
perienced drivers should not attempt to tow start or tow.
♦ When using a tow rope the driver of the towing vehicle must
engage the clutch very gently when moving off and changing
gear.
♦ The driver of the vehicle being towed must ensure that the tow
rope is always taut.
♦ Both vehicles must have the emergency flasher switched on -
if necessary observe any other regulations.
♦ The ignition must be switched on, so that the steering wheel
is not locked and the turn signals, horn, windshield wipers, and
windshield washer system can be operated.
♦ Since the brake booster only works with the engine running,
the brake pedal must be stepped on with substantially more
force when the engine is switched off.
♦ With the engine switched off, the power steering also does not
work, increasing the amount of steering effort.
♦ Without lubricants in the manual transmission and/or auto‐
matic transmissions the car may only be towed with raised
drive wheels.
Important notes concerning tow starting a vehicle:
It is generally recommended not to tow start vehicles. Instead,
jumper cables should be used.
There are several reasons to not tow start:
♦ During tow starting, the risk of an accident occurring is high,
e.g. driving into vehicle towing.
♦ Vehicles with gasoline engines can be damaged by unburned
fuel entering the catalytic converter.
♦ Tow starting of vehicles with automatic transmission is not
possible for technical reasons.
8
Rep. Gr.03 - Maintenance, Diagnosis