All 2000 ➤
Maintenance Intervals - Edition 08.2011
Service intervals in kilometers
160,000 km Standard Maintenance Serv‐
ice
175,000 km Major Maintenance Service
with additional items
190,000 km Standard Maintenance Serv‐
ice
205,000 km Major Maintenance Service
with additional items
The time-sensitive maintenance items table contains additional
maintenance items
1 First standard maintenance service at 8,000 km or 1 year after
delivery, whichever occurs first. Standard maintenance services
thereafter occur at intervals of 15,000 km or 1 year after the last
standard maintenance service, whichever occurs first.
2 First major maintenance service at 25,000 km or 2 years after
delivery, whichever occurs first. Major maintenance services
thereafter occur at intervals of 30,000 km or 2 years after the last
major maintenance service, whichever occurs first.
The intervals shown in this table are based on vehicles operating
under normal conditions. In case of severe conditions, such as
extremely low temperatures, excessive dust, etc., it is necessary
for certain operations to be carried out in between the given in‐
tervals. This applies particularly to engine oil changes and the
cleaning or replacing of the air cleaner filter element.
Time-Sensitive Maintenance Items
The following maintenance items contain special time-sensitive
service intervals (in addition to mileage intervals where applica‐
ble).
Service interval by time (and Maintenance item
kilometers where applicable)
Every 2 years regardless of Replace brake fluid (all vehi‐
kilometers cles)
Every 2 years regardless of Crash Active Headrest: Check
kilometers function (Audi A8 only)
Every 2 years regardless of Check cloth top function and
kilometers roll-over protection with cloth
top down (Audi A5 Cabriolet,
Audi S5 Cabriolet and R8
Spyder only)
Every 4 years regardless of AdBlue Fluid - Replace only if
mileage (kilometers) AdBlue has not been filled
within the last 4 years (Audi
Q7 3.0l TDI only)
By regularly maintaining your vehicle, you help make sure that
emission standards are maintained, thus minimizing adverse ef‐
fects on the environment.
Standard Maintenance Service
First at 8,000 km or 1 year after delivery, whichever occurs first.
Thereafter every 15,000 km or one year, whichever occurs first.
Engine oil / Oil filter - Change oil and replace filter.
Service reminder indicator display - Reset display.
Brake system - Check for damage and leaks, thickness of pads,
and brake fluid level.
6
Rep. Gr.03 - Maintenance, Diagnosis