Audi TT 2007 ➤
Maintenance Procedures - Edition 08.2011
– Remove the air filter from the engine cover.
– Clean filter housing and insert new air filter.
Note
♦ Self-locking bolts are equipped for fastening the air filter upper
section to the air filter housing lower section. If these bolts are
loosened of tightened with a drill motor, the threads in the air
filter housing upper section can be damaged.
♦ For this reason, a drill motor may only be used when the fol‐
lowing prerequisites are met:
♦ The drill motor RPM is max. 200 / min.
♦ The torque must be adjustable to max. 3 Nm.
♦ When installing, place engine compartment cover on four
mounting points and press them down at the same time with
the hand held flat.
♦ When installing, ensure rubber grommets are seated cleanly
between air filter housing and intake tube.
– Assembly is done in reverse order
Follow all general information, refer to
⇒ “2.19.1 General Information“, page 31
2.19.4 4-Cylinder 2.0 TFSI
Removing
– Remove the air guide hose -1- from the mass airflow sensor -
G70- .
– Disconnect electrical connector -2- from Mass Air Flow Sensor
-G70- .
– Remove the air filter housing upper section -arrows- and re‐
move the air filter.
Installing
Installation is reverse of removal, but note the following:
For proper mass airflow sensor function, it is important to observe
the following notes and perform the procedure exactly.
Note
♦ If the air filter insert is heavily so iled or soaked, dirt particles
or moisture can reach the Mass Air Flow Sensor and cause an
incorrect airflow reading. This causes lack of performance be‐
cause a lower injection amount is calculated.
♦ Always use an original air filter insert.
♦ The air filter housing must be clean.
♦ Secure all hose connections with hose clamps that match cur‐
rent standard production. Refer to Electronic Parts Catalog.
♦ When cleaning the air filter housing using compressed air,
note the following: to avoid malfunctions, cover the critical air
distribution components such as the mass airflow sensor, air
guide tubes etc. with a clean cloth.
♦ Follow all waste disposal regulations!
34
Rep. Gr.03 - Maintenance, Diagnosis