Audi TT 2007 ➤
Maintenance Procedures - Edition 08.2011
and navigation system owner's manual. The entry of the radio
code is no longer described in the owner's manual.
The Anti-theft coding on a unit that is ready to play is activated by
entering the fixed code.
On chorus II+, concert II+ and symphony II+ radios, enter the ra‐
dio code as follows:
– Switch on radio. "Code 1000" appears.
– Press the upper left control button "X___" -arrow- until the first
digit of the radio code appears in the display.
– Enter remaining three radio code digits with other three control
buttons
– Press the "ENTER" button. The radio is coded.
– Dispose of sticker with radio code.
If the radio code is entered incorrectly two times and "Code Safe
2" appeared in the display, use the following procedure
Leave radio switched on approximately 60 minutes. After 60 mi‐
nutes, "Code Safe / Code 1000" appears in the display and the
radio is switched off.
Enter radio code again.
On navigation system BNS 5.0, enter radio code as follows
– Switch on navigation system
– Enter PIN using Speller
– Confirm entry with "OK".
– Dispose of sticker with radio code.
Note
♦ Please inform the customer that he can only learn the anti-theft
radio code from the service advisor
♦ That way, thieves really cannot use the radio!
2.30 Road Test
The following checks depend on the vehicle equipment level and
the available testing possibilities (city or rural).
– During the road test, check the following:
♦ Engine: performance, stalling, idle, acceleration
♦ Clutch: starting, pedal force, smell
♦ Shifting: ease of movement, shift lever position
♦ Automatic transmission: selector lever position, shift lock/ig‐
nition key interlock, shift behavior, instrument cluster display
♦ Foot and parking brake: function, free travel and effectiveness,
pulling to one side, rubbing, squeaking
♦ ABS function: when braking with activated ABS, the brake
pedal must pulse noticeably.
♦ Steering: function, steering travel, steering wheel center posi‐
tion when driving straight ahead.
♦ Tilt/slide sunroof: function
45
2. Maintenance Procedures