All 2000 ➤
Maintenance Intervals - Edition 08.2011
Wiper blades - Check condition and replace if necessary.
Windshield washer and headlight washing system - Add fluid if
necessary. Check adjustment and function.
Tires and spare wheel - Check for wear and damage. Check tire
pressure. Reset Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS).
AdBlue fluid - Fill completely with fresh fluid (23 liters) and adapt
learned values for AdBlue tank under guided fault finding after
filling fluid (Audi Q7 3.0L TDI only).
Additional item at 8,000 km or 1 year after delivery, whichever
occurs first.
Rotate tires. Reset TPMS.
Major Maintenance Service
First at 25,000 km or two years, whichever occurs first. Thereafter
every 30,000 km or two years, whichever occurs first.
Battery - Check for clean terminals (no corrosion), properly moun‐
ted housing and no damage; replace if necessary. Also, check
the acid level of battery only if the level can be seen through the
housing and fill if necessary (except Q5 hybrid).
Small (12 volt) side battery located in the trunk compartment on
left side - check for clean terminals (no corrosion), properly moun‐
ted housing and no damage; replace if necessary (Audi Q5 hybrid
only).
Cooling system - Check coolant level and add coolant if neces‐
sary.
Engine compartment - Check for leaks.
Exhaust system - Check for damage and leaks.
Underbody - Check for damage and leaks.
Automatic transmission and final drive - Check for leaks.
Manual transmission and final drive - Check for leaks.
Drive shafts - Check boots.
Front and rear axle - Check for excessive play. Check dust seals
on ball joints and tie rod ends.
Horn - Check fun ction.
Dust and pollen filter - Replace filter.
Snow screen for air cleaner - Clean (Audi A4, S4, A5, S5, Q5, Q5
hybrid only).
Ribbed V-belt and tensioner - Check condition and replace if nec‐
essary (Audi R8 and R8 Spyder only).
Plenum Panel- Remove cover for plenum panel to check water
drain and clean if necessary.
Front lighting - Check function of parking lights, low beams, high
beams, fog lights, blinkers & hazard lights.
Rear lighting - Check function of brake lights (including third brake
light), tail lights, back-up lights, rear fog lights, license plate lights,
blinkers & hazard lights.
Door hinges and straps - Lubricate (Audi Q7, A3, TT, TTS, R8,
and R8 Spyder only).
Hood lid hinges - Lubricate (R8, R8 Spyder, TT, TTS and TT RS).
Sliding roof - Clean guide rails and lubricate with grease.
7
1. MY 2012 Maintenance Intervals