All 2000 ➤
Maintenance Intervals - Edition 08.2011
Tires and spare wheel - Check for wear and damage. Check tire
pressure. Reset Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS).
AdBlue fluid - Fill completely with fresh fluid (23 liters) and adapt
learned values for AdBlue tank under guided fault finding after
filling fluid (Audi Q7 3.0L TDI only).
Additional item at 8,000 km or 1 year after delivery, whichever
occurs first.
Rotate tires. Reset TPMS.
Major Maintenance Service
First at 25,000 km or two years, whichever occurs first. Thereafter
every 30,000 km or two years, whichever occurs first.
Engine oil / Oil filter - Change oil and replace filter.
Service reminder indicator display - Reset display.
Brake system - Check for damage and leaks, thickness of pads,
and brake fluid level.
Wiper blades - Check condition and replace if necessary.
Windshield washer and headlight washing system - Add fluid if
necessary. Check adjustment and function.
Tires and spare wheel - Check for wear and damage. Check tire
pressure. Check renewal date of tire repair set (where applicable).
Reset Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS).
AdBlue fluid - Fill completely with fresh fluid (23 liters) and adapt
learned values for AdBlue tank under guided fault finding after
filling fluid (Audi Q7 3.0L TDI only).
Battery - Check for clean terminals (no corrosion), properly moun‐
ted housing and no damage; replace if necessary. Also, check
the acid level of battery only if the level can be seen through the
housing and fill if necessary.
Cooling system - Check coolant level and add coolant if neces‐
sary.
Engine compartment - Check for leaks.
Exhaust system - Check for damage and leaks.
Underbody - Check for damage and leaks.
Automatic transmission and final drive - Check for leaks.
Manual transmission and final drive - Check for leaks.
Drive shafts - Check boots.
Front and rear axle - Check for excessive play. Check dust seals
on ball joints and tie rod ends.
Horn - Check function.
Dust and pollen filter - Replace filter.
Snow screen for air cleaner - Clean (Audi A4, S4, A5, S5, and A6
only).
Ribbed V-belt and tensioner - Check condition and replace if nec‐
essary (Audi R8 and R8 Spyder only).
Plenum Panel- Remove cover for plenum panel to check water
drain and clean if necessary.
Front lighting - Check function of parking lights, low beams, high
beams, fog lights, blinkers & hazard lights.
16
Rep. Gr.03 - Maintenance, Diagnosis