Cautions & Warnings
Please read these WARNINGS and CAUTIONS before proceeding with maintenance
and repair work. You must answer that you have read and you understand these
WARNINGS and CAUTIONS before you will be allowed to view this information.
•= If you lack the skills, tools and equipment, or a suitable workshop for any procedure described in
this manual, we suggest you leave such repairs to an authorized Audi retailer or other qualified
shop. We especially urge you to consult an authorized Audi retailer before beginning repairs on
any vehicle that may still be covered wholly or in part by any of the extensive warranties issued by
Audi.
•= Disconnect the battery negative terminal (ground strap)whenever you work on the fuel system or
the electrical system. Do not smoke or work near heaters or other fire hazards. Keep an approved
fire extinguisher handy.
•= Audi is constantly improving its vehicles and sometimes these changes, both in parts and
specifications, are made applicable to earlier models. Therefore, part numbers listed in this
manual are for reference only. Always check with your authorized Audi retailer parts department
for the latest information.
•= Any time the battery has been disconnected on an automatic transmission vehicle, it will be
necessary to reestablish Transmission Control Module (TCM) basic settings using the VAG 1551
Scan Tool (ST).
•= Never work under a lifted vehicle unless it is solidly supported on stands designed for the purpose.
Do not support a vehicle on cinder blocks, hollow tiles or other props that may crumble under
continuous load. Never work under a vehicle that is supported solely by a jack. Never work under
the vehicle while the engine is running.
•= For vehicles equipped with an anti-theft radio, be sure of the correct radio activation code before
disconnecting the battery or removing the radio. If the wrong code is entered when the power is
restored, the radio may lock up and become inoperable, even if the correct code is used in a later
attempt.
•= If you are going to work under a vehicle on the ground, make sure that the ground is level. Block
the wheels to keep the vehicle from rolling. Disconnect the battery negative terminal (ground
strap) to prevent others from starting the vehicle while you are under it.
•= Do not attempt to work on your vehicle if you do not feel well. You increase the danger of injury to
yourself and others if you are tired, upset or have taken medicine or any other substances that
may impair you or keep you from being fully alert.
•= Never run the engine unless the work area is well ventilated. Carbon monoxide (CO) kills.
•= Always observe good workshop practices. Wear goggles when you operate machine tools or work
with acid. Wear goggles, gloves and other protective clothing whenever the job requires working
with harmful substances.
•= Tie long hair behind your head. Do not wear a necktie, a scarf, loose clothing, or a necklace when
you work near machine tools or running engines. If your hair, clothing, or jewelry were to get
caught in the machinery, severe injury could result.
=Page 1 of 3
© 2002 Audi of America, Inc.
All rights reserved. Information contained in this document is based on the latest information available at the time of printing and is subject to the copyright and other intellectual
property rights of Audi of America, Inc., its affiliated companies and its licensors. All rights are reserved to make changes at any time without notice. No part of this document may be
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, nor may these materials be
modified or reposted to other sites, without the prior expressed written permission of the publisher.
Version 1.0