Cautions & Warnings
•= Do not re-use any fasteners that are worn or deformed in normal use. Some fasteners are
designed to be used only once and are unreliable and may fail if used a second time. This
includes, but is not limited to, nuts, bolts, washers, circlips and cotter pins. Always follow the
recommendations in this manual - replace these fasteners with new parts where indicated, and
any other time it is deemed necessary by inspection.
•= Illuminate the work area adequately but safely. Use a portable safety light for working inside or
under the vehicle. Make sure the bulb is enclosed by a wire cage. The hot filament of an
accidentally broken bulb can ignite spilled fuel or oil.
•= Friction materials such as brake pads and clutch discs may contain asbestos fibers. Do not create
dust by grinding, sanding, or by cleaning with compressed air. Avoid breathing asbestos fibers and
asbestos dust. Breathing asbestos can cause serious diseases such as asbestosis or cancer, and
may result in death.
•= Finger rings should be removed so that they cannot cause electrical shorts, get caught in running
machinery, or be crushed by heavy parts.
•= Before starting a job, make certain that you have all the necessary tools and parts on hand. Read
all the instructions thoroughly, do not attempt shortcuts. Use tools that are appropriate to the work
and use only replacement parts meeting Audi specifications. Makeshift tools, parts and
procedures will not make good repairs.
•= Catch draining fuel, oil or brake fluid in suitable containers. Do not use empty food or beverage
containers that might mislead someone into drinking from them. Store flammable fluids away from
fire hazards. Wipe up spills at once, but do not store the oily rags, which can ignite and burn
spontaneously.
•= Use pneumatic and electric tools only to loosen threaded parts and fasteners. Never use these
tools to tighten fasteners, especially on light alloy parts. Always use a torque wrench to tighten
fasteners to the tightening torque listed.
•= Keep sparks, lighted matches, and open flame away from the top of the battery. If escaping
hydrogen gas is ignited, it will ignite gas trapped in the cells and cause the battery to explode.
•= Be mindful of the environment and ecology. Before you drain the crankcase, find out the proper
way to dispose of the oil. Do not pour oil onto the ground, down a drain, or into a stream, pond, or
lake. Consult local ordinances that govern the disposal of wastes.
•= The air-conditioning (A/C) system is filled with a chemical refrigerant that is hazardous. The A/C
system should be serviced only by trained automotive service technicians using approved
refrigerant recovery/recycling equipment, trained in related safety precautions, and familiar with
regulations governing the discharging and disposal of automotive chemical refrigerants.
•= Before doing any electrical welding on vehicles equipped with anti-lock brakes (ABS), disconnect
the battery negative terminal (ground strap) and the ABS control module connector.
•= Do not expose any part of the A/C system to high temperatures such as open flame. Excessive
heat will increase system pressure and may cause the system to burst.
=Page 2 of 3
© 2002 Audi of America, Inc.
All rights reserved. Information contained in this document is based on the latest information available at the time of printing and is subject to the copyright and other intellectual
property rights of Audi of America, Inc., its affiliated companies and its licensors. All rights are reserved to make changes at any time without notice. No part of this document may be
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, nor may these materials be
modified or reposted to other sites, without the prior expressed written permission of the publisher.
Version 1.0