All 2000 ➤
Maintenance Intervals - Edition 08.2011
Service intervals in miles (kilometers)
The time-sensitive maintenance items table contains additional
maintenance items
1First standard maintenance service at 5,000 miles (8,000 km) or
1 year after delivery, whichever occurs first. Standard mainte‐
nance services thereafter occur at intervals of 10,000 miles
(15,000 km) or 1 year after the last standard maintenance service,
whichever occurs first.
2 First major maintenance service at 15,000 miles (25,000 km) or
2 years after delivery, whichever occurs first. Major maintenance
services thereafter occur at intervals of 20,000 miles (30,000 km)
or 2 years after the last major maintenance service, whichever
occurs first.
The intervals shown in this table are based on vehicles operating
under normal conditions. In case of severe conditions, such as
extremely low temperatures, excessive dust, etc., it is necessary
for certain operations to be carried out in between the given in‐
tervals. This applies particularly to engine oil changes and the
cleaning or replacing of the air cleaner filter element.
Time-Sensitive Maintenance Items
The following maintenance items contain special time-sensitive
service intervals (in addition to mileage intervals where applica‐
ble).
Service interval by time (and Maintenance item
mileage where applicable)
Every 2 years regardless of Replace brake fluid (all vehi‐
mileage (kilometers) cles)
Every 2 years regardless of Crash active headrest: Check
mileage (kilometers) function. (A8 only)
Every 2 years regard less of Check cloth top function and
mileage (kilometers) roll-over protection with cloth
top down (Audi A5 Cabriolet,
Audi S5 Cabriolet, R8 Sypder
only)
Every 4 years regardless of AdBlue Fluid - Replace only if
mileage (kilometers) AdBlue has not been filled
within the last 4 years (Audi
Q7 3.0l TDI only)
By regularly maintaining your vehicle, you help make sure that
emission standards are maintained, thus minimizing adverse ef‐
fects on the environment
Standard Maintenance Service
First at 5,000 miles (8,000 km) or 1 year after delivery, whichever
occurs first. Thereafter every 10,000 miles (15,000 km) or one
year, whichever occurs first.
Engine oil / Oil filter - Change oil and replace filter.
Service reminder indicator display - Reset display.
Brake system - Check for damage and leaks, thickness of pads,
and brake fluid level.
Wiper blades - Check condition and replace if necessary.
Windshield washer and headlight washing system - Add fluid if
necessary. Check adjustment and function.
Tires and spare wheel - Check for wear and damage. Check tire
pressure. Reset Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS).
2
Rep. Gr.03 - Maintenance, Diagnosis