Audi TT 2007 ➤
Maintenance Procedures - Edition 08.2011
If a vehicle should be tow started at any time, observe the follow‐
ing:
– Before tow starting, push in clutch pedal and hold, and select
gear 2 or 3.
– Switch ignition on.
– When both vehicles are in motion, release the clutch pedal.
– As soon as the engine is started, push in the clutch and take
the car out of gear to avoid running into the towing vehicle.
Note
Vehicles with catalytic converter (gasoline engine only) must not
be started when the catalytic converter is at operating tempera‐
ture and pulling the vehicle over a longer distance of more than
50 m. Otherwise, the vehicle could be damaged by unburned fuel
entering the catalytic converter.
When towing a vehicle with automatic transmission the following
additional points must be observed:
♦ Selector lever must be in the “N“ position.
♦ Do not tow at speeds greater than 30 mph (50 km/h).
♦ The maximum towing distance is 30 miles (50 km).
For longer distances, the front end of the vehicle must be raised.
Reason: With engine switched off, the transmission oil pump does
not work. Therefore the transmission is not sufficiently lubricated
at higher speeds and longer distances.
When towing with a tow truck, the vehicle may only be towed with
raised front wheels.
Reason: With car raised in the back, the driveshafts turn back‐
wards. This would cause the planetary gears in the automatic
transmission to achieve such high RPM that the transmission
would be heavily damaged within a very short time.
Note
If normal towing of the vehicle is not possible, the vehicle must be
transported with a special transporter or trailer. This also applies
to towing distances of over 30 miles (50 km)
1.5 Vehicle Checks during Inspection and
Maintenance
For vehicle checks, we recommend interactive acceptance VAS
5000 and performance test stand V.A.G 1858.
Brakes, Testing
Information for checking brakes on FWD and AWD vehicles is in
the corresponding brake system repair manual.
Performance Check
Perform performance check on performance test stand recom‐
mended by Audi. The corresponding correction factors for auto‐
matic transmissions and AWD are provided in these test stands.
Vehicles with AWD may only be tested on a four-wheel perform‐
ance test stand.
9
1. General Information