Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , Audi A3 1997 ➤ , Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Au ...
Fitting instructions: radio communication systems - Edition 10.2010
91 – Radio, telephone, navigation
1 Service installation of radio commu‐
nication systems
1.1 General notes
Disconnect negative terminal of battery -A- before fitting radio
communication and telephone systems ⇒ Electrical system; Rep.
gr. 27 .
Use applicable current flow diagrams ⇒ Current flow diagrams,
Electrical fault finding and Fitting locations.
Use cable ties to secure wiring harnesses. Pad plug-in couplings
with foam sheaths.
Note operating and installation instructions issued by the manu‐
facturers of mobile telephones, radio communication systems
and aerials ⇒ Operating instructions .
♦ Disconnecting and connecting battery -A- ⇒ Electrical system;
Rep. gr. 27 .
♦ Current flow diagrams, fuse assignment and fitting locations
⇒ Current flow diagrams, Electrical fault finding and Fitting lo‐
cations.
♦ Removing and installing trim ⇒ General body repairs, interior;
Rep. gr. 70 .
♦ Removing and installing factory-fitted systems ⇒ Communi‐
cation; Rep. gr. 91 .
♦ Repairing aerial wiring ⇒ Electrical system; Rep. gr. 97 .
♦ Repairing wiring harnesses ⇒ Electrical system; Rep. gr. 97 .
1.2 Transmission power and possible fitting
locations
Audi approves the installation and operation of radio communi‐
cation systems, provided that the transmission power levels at the
aerial base do not exceed the values listed in the table for the
relevant model. The specified aerial fitting locations and trans‐
mission power levels are given in the tables ⇒ page 4 .
It may be necessary to reduce transmission power to comply with
the maximum permitted values as per VDE 0848 Part 2 (maxi‐
mum permitted field strength with respect to personal safety).
1.3 Voltage supply
The battery -A- is used for connection of the positive and negative
cables when performing service installation of radio communica‐
tion systems to the vehicle.
An additional wiring harness has to be made up accordingly:
♦ Positive cable: 2.5 mm thick, red cable
♦ Negative cable: 2.5 mm thick, brown cable
♦ Terminal 15 cable: 1.5 mm thick, black cable
The positive cable must be fitted with a fuse in the immediate
vicinity of the battery -A- . This requires attaching a fuse holder
(Part No. 441 937 501) next to the battery -A- . The positive and
negative cables must be covered with an insulating sheath. Ap‐
1
1. Service installation of radio communication systems