Audi A3 2004 ➤ , Audi TT 2007 ➤
Rear final drive 02D, 0AV, 0BR and 0BY - Edition 06.2009
♦ Do not over-stretch circlips.
♦ Always renew circlips which have been damaged or over-
stretched.
♦ Circlips must be properly seated in the base of the groove.
♦ Renew spring pins. Position: the slit -A- should be in line with
the line of force -arrow-.
Nuts, bolts
♦ Nuts and bolts for securing covers and housings must be
slackened and tightened in diagonal sequence.
♦ Loosen and tighten particularly sensitive parts in diagonal se‐
quence and in stages, taking care to keep them straight.
♦ The tightening torques stated apply to non-oiled nuts and
bolts.
♦ Always renew self-locking bolts and nuts.
♦ For all threaded connections, ensure that (where applicable)
the contact surfaces and the nuts and bolts are not coated with
wax until after assembly is completed.
Bearings
♦ Install needle bearings so the lettering (side with thicker metal)
faces towards the in s talling tool.
♦ Lubricate all bearings in final drive with gear oil when installing.
♦ Always renew the tapered roller bearings on one shaft togeth‐
er as a set and use new bearings from a single manufacturer.
♦ Heat inner races to approx. 100° C before installing.
♦ Do not interchange the outer or inner races of bearings of the
same size (the bearings are paired).
Shims
♦ Measure shims at several points with a micrometer. Tolerance
variations make it possible to obtain the exact shim thickness
required.
♦ Check for burrs and damage.
♦ Install only shims which are in perfect condition.
5.3 Contact corrosion!
Contact corrosion can occur if non-approved fasteners are used
on the vehicle (bolts, nuts, washers etc.).
For this reason, only fasteners with a special surface coating are
fitted.
Rubber or plastic parts and adhesives also consist of non-con‐
ductive materials.
If you are not sure whether used parts can be re-installed, always
fit new parts ⇒ Electronic parts catalogue .
Please note:
♦ Use only genuine spare parts: these have been fully tested
and are compatible with aluminium.
♦ We recommend the use of accessories approved by Audi.
♦ Damage resulting from contact corrosion is not covered by the
warranty.
15
5. General repair instructions