Audi TT 2007 ➤
Running gear, front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive - Edition 08.2010
Changing a wheel or renewing a tyre pressure sensor
To ensure reliable operation of the tyre pressure monitoring sys‐
tem, it is important to store the reference pressures from the tyre
pressure sensors correctly.
After changing the wheels or renewing a tyre pressure sensor ,
the tyre pressure monitor button -E226- in the centre console
must be pressed and held for approx. 5 seconds (with the vehicle
stationary and the ignition on) until an acoustic tone sounds and
the yellow fault warning lamp with „system fault“ pictogram in the
instrument cluster flashes several times.
If the tyre pressure monitor button -E226- is not pressed, the sys‐
tem will adapt itself to the new sensors, but will still activate the
fault warning lamp to remind the driver to store the pressures.
The vehicle must now remain stationary for 20 minutes and then
be driven for 3 minutes at a speed above 25 km/h to allow the
control unit to „learn“ the new pressures.
If the vehicle is not left stationary for the required period, the con‐
trol unit will not be ready to learn the pressures and the system
will register a fault in the radio data transmission. It will then only
adapt automatically to the wheel electronics after the vehicle has
been stationary for 20 minutes.
3.4 Removing and installing tyre pressure
monitor control unit -J502-
Removing
The tyre pressure monitor control unit -J502- is located behind
the instrument cluster.
Before removing the control unit, read out t he coding via Guided
Fault Finding using the function „Replace control unit“.
– Remove instrument cluster (dash panel insert.) ⇒ Rep. gr.
90 .
– Remove bolts -arrows-.
– Detach tyre pressure monitoring control unit -J 502- -2- and
unplug connector -1-.
Installing
Installation is carried out in the reverse sequence.
– The system must be re-coded if the tyre pressure monitor
control unit -J502- is renewed ⇒ page 236 .
238
Rep. gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry