Audi TT 2007 ➤
Running gear, front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive - Edition 08.2010
Tyre pressure warning active
If the tyre pressure monitoring system detects a loss of pressure
in one or more tyres, the tyre pressure warning lamp in the in‐
strument cluster lights up continuously to warn the driver. A tyre
warning symbol also lights up in the driver information system in
the instrument cluster, together with the text „Please check tyre
pressures“. In this case the tyre pressures must be checked ac‐
cording to the figures listed on the sticker on the tank flap/B-pillar.
If a severe loss of pressure has occurred at one or more tyres,
check the tyres for damage and foreign bodies. Renew the tyre if
necessary ⇒ page 240 .
System fault in tyre pressure monitoring system
A system fault will be stored in the tyre pressure monitor control
unit -J502- . If a system fault is present or occurs while the vehicle
is being driven, the yellow fault warning lamp in the instrument
cluster will flash for 1 minute and then remain lit continuously ev‐
ery time the ignition is switched on. The yellow fault warning lamp
cannot be cancelled by pressing the tyre pressure monitor button
-E226- in the row of switches on the centre console. The letters
„TPMS“ also light up in the driver information system in the in‐
strument cluster, together with the text „Tyre pressure! System
malfunction“. If a system fault has been detected, connect -VAS
5051- and select „Guided Fault Finding“ ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic,
testing and information system VAS 5051.
Re-coding tyre pressure monitor control unit -J502-
The new control unit must be coded if the tyre pressure monitor
control unit -J502- is renewed. Proceed as follows:
– Connect -VAS 5051 A- , start Guided Fault Finding sequence
for the vehicle in question and use Go to button to select
„Function /Component Selection“.
Then
– „Running gear (Rep. Gr. 01; 40 - 49)“
– „Tyre pressure monitor system (Rep. Gr. 01; 44)“
– „01 - Self-diagnosis compatible systems“
– „65 - Tyre pressure monitor J502“
– „J502 - Tyre pressure monitor control unit, Functions“
– „65 - Replace control unit (Rep. Gr. 44)“
The new tyre pressures must be stored as reference values
whenever the inflation pressures are changed intentionally.
Storing tyre pressures
To ensure reliable operation of the tyre pressure monitoring sys‐
tem, it is important to store the reference pressures correctly.
After any change affecting the wheels, the tyre pressure monitor
button -E226- in the centre console must be pressed and held for
approx. 5 seconds (with the vehicle stationary and the ignition on)
until an acoustic tone sounds and the yellow fault warning lamp
with „system fault“ pictogram in the instrument cluster flashes
several times. The successful calibration (i.e. the re-adaption of
the tyre pressures) is confirmed when the warning lamp flashes
several times.
The new tyre pressur e s must be stored as reference values
whenever the inflation pressures are changed intentionally. The
system is adapted while the vehicle is driven.
237
3. Tyre pressure monitoring system (TPM)