Audi TT 2007 ➤
Running gear, front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive - Edition 08.2010
42 – Rear suspension
1 General notes on rear axle
⇒ „1.1 General notes:“, page 116
⇒ „1.2 Contact corrosion“, page 117
⇒ „1.3 Repairing damaged threads in longitudinal member (sub‐
frame to body)“, page 117
⇒ „1.4 Lifting suspension to unladen position“, page 118
⇒ „1.5 Overview of rear axle (front-wheel drive)“, page 120
⇒ „1.6 Overview of rear axle (four-wheel drive)“, page 121
1.1 General notes:
All contact surfaces mus t be cleaned when installing wax-coated
components. The contac t surfaces must be free of wax and
grease.
Tightening torques refer to unoiled bolts and nuts.
Always renew self-locking bolts/nuts.
Always renew bolts and nuts which are tightened by turning
through a specified angle.
Load-bearing components and other suspension parts must not
be welded or straightened.
Do not subject coil springs to hammer blows or weld splashes and
do not make any new colour markings.
Do not perform welding or cutting operations (using power grind‐
ers) near the coil springs or suspension struts. Cover up coil
springs or suspension struts if necessary.
Make sketches or take photographs when unfastening or remov‐
ing and installing hydraulic or pneumatic pipes or electrical wires.
This ensures re-installation at the original location.
Any cable ties, brackets or fasteners removed during repair work
must be re-attached at their original standard locations.
Before fitting the outer joint in the wheel hub, apply a thin coat of
assembly paste to the splines on the outer joint ⇒ Electronic parts
catalogue .
When working on the vehicle, do not allow the drive shafts to hang
down under their own weight and never let the joints bend to such
an extent that they contact the end stop.
Do not attempt to move the vehicle without the drive shafts fitted;
this would result in wheel bearing damage. If the vehicle does
have to be moved, always note the following points:
– Fit an outer joint in place of the drive shaft.
– Tighten the outer joint to 120 Nm (twelve-point bolt) or 200 Nm
(hexagon bolt).
Bonded rubber bushes can only be turned to a limited extent. For
this reason, do not tighten bolted connections on components
with bonded rubber bushes until the wheel bearing housing has
been lifted (suspension in unladen position) ⇒ page 118 .
Always renew bonded rubber bushes on both sides of vehicle.
If the wheel alignment has to be checked and adjusted at a later
stage, all bolts and nuts which need to be slackened to make ad‐
justments should initially only be tightened to the specified torque
116
Rep. gr.42 - Rear suspension