Audi TT 2007 ➤
Running gear, front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive - Edition 08.2010
2 Tyre monitor display (TMD+)
⇒ „2.1 General notes:“, page 233
⇒ „2.2 Removing and installing tyre pressure monitoring control
unit 2 J793 “, page 233
2.1 General notes:
The tyre monitor display is a system designed to detect gradual
or very slow losses of tyre pressure at one wheel. Using the sig‐
nals from the ABS sensors, the TMD+ compares the wheel
speeds and thus the rolling circumference of the individual
wheels. The tyre monitor display in the instrument cluster lights
up and an acoustic warning is given if the rolling circumference
of one of the wheels changes. On vehicles with central display in
the instrument cluster, the display also indicates which tyre is af‐
fected.
The control unit must be re-coded if a vehicle equipped with run-
flat tyres (SST) is subsequently fitted with conventional tyres, or
vice versa.
The rolling circumference of the wheels can change due to the
following circumstances:
♦ If the tyre pressure is too low.
♦ If the tyre is damaged.
♦ If the vehicle is loaded unevenly.
♦ If the wheels of one axle are subjected to a greater load (e.g.
when pulling a trailer or when driving uphill and downhill).
♦ When driving with the temporary spare wheel.
♦ If one wheel per axle was changed. (Also if the wheels were
changed from front to rear or vice versa.)
System fault in the TMD+ system
A system fault is stored in the fault memory of the tyre pressure
monitoring control unit 2 -J793- ; the yellow TMD+ warning lamp
in the instrument cluster will then light up continuously. The TMD
+ warning lamp cannot be switched off by pressing the TMD+
button. If a system fault has been detected, connect -VAS 5051-
and select „Guided Fault Finding“ ⇒ Vehicle diagnostic, testing
and information system VAS 5051.
Performing calibration: (re-adaption of tyre pressure)
After any change affecting the wheels, the tyre pressure monitor
button in the centre console must be pressed and held (with the
vehicle stationary and the ignition on) until the TMD+ lamp in the
instrument cluster flashes several times. The successful calibra‐
tion (i.e. the re-adaption of the tyre pressures) is confirmed when
the warning lamp flashes several times.
2.2 Removing and installing tyre pressure
monitoring control unit 2 -J793-
Removing
The tyre pressure monitoring control unit 2 -J793- is located be‐
hind the instrument cluster.
Before removing the control unit, read out the coding via Guided
Fault Finding using the function „Replace control unit“.
– Remove instrument cluster (dash panel insert.) ⇒ Rep. gr.
90 .
233
2. Tyre monitor display (TMD+)