Audi TT 2007 ➤
Running gear, front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive - Edition 08.2010
3 Tyre pressure monitoring system
(TPM)
⇒ „3.1 General notes“, page 235
⇒ „3.2 Tyre pressure monitoring system - exploded view of com‐
ponents“, page 236
⇒ „3.3 Operation of tyre pressure monitoring system“, page 236
⇒ „3.4 Removing and installing tyre pressure monitor control unit
J502 “, page 238
⇒ „3.5 Exploded view of tyre pressure sensor “, page 239
⇒ „3.6 Removing and installing tyre pressure sensor “,
page 239
⇒ „3.7 Changing a tyre“, page 240
3.1 General notes
Please observe the instructions in the ⇒ Owner's Manual .
The tyre pressure monitoring system monitors the inflation pres‐
sure of the tyres on the four road wheels while the vehicle is
moving.
For safety reasons, the tyre pressure sensors must be renewed
if they are defective.
Do not use steam cleaners or a powerful jet of compressed air to
clean the tyre pressure sensors .
For safety reasons, the tyre pressure sensor must be renewed
and the wheel rim must be cleaned if tyre sealing compound has
been used.
The tyre pressure monitoring system consists of a control unit, a
central aerial integrated in the control unit and a tyre pressure
sensor in each wheel.
If the wheels are changed or rotated to a different position on the
vehicle, if the tyre pressure sensors are renewed, or if the tyre
pressures are altered, the new status must always be confirmed
by storing the pressures in the control unit.
Note
After changing wheels with tyre pressure sensors , for instance
from summer to winter tyres, the tyre pressures must be checked
and the sensors re-adapted to the control unit.
A fault may be detected and registered in the fault memory:
If there is a system malfunction.
If fewer than four wheels are fitted with tyre pressure sensors .
If the wrong type of tyre pressure sensor is fitted on winter tyres,
or if winter tyres without tyre pressure sensors are fitted. (In this
case the yellow warning lamp with „system malfunction“ picto‐
gram will light up in the instrument cluster; this cannot be deacti‐
vated via the system.)
If the system has detected new sensors, but the tyre pressure
monitor button -E226- has not been pressed in order to confirm
the current inflation pressures. (In this case the system fault is
cancelled when the button is pressed.)
235
3. Tyre pressure monitoring system (TPM)