Audi TT 2007 ➤
Running gear, front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive - Edition 08.2010
– Install bolt -arrow- for track rod -3- with washer -4- (washer
MUST be fitted).
Before tightening bolts securing track rod, obtain the same dis‐
tance between wheel hub centre and lower edge of wheel housing
as measured before dismantling ⇒ page 118 .
– Check and adjust wheel alignment as required, see chart
⇒ page 243 .
Tightening torques
⇒ „6.1 Exploded view of subframe, lower transverse link, upper
transverse link, t rack rod, vehicle level sender (four-wheel drive)
- Coupé“, page 1 63
Tightening torques
⇒ „7.1 Exploded view of subframe, diagonal struts, cross member,
lower transverse link, upper transverse link, track rod, vehicle
level sender (four-wheel drive) - Roadster“, page 181
Tightening torques
⇒ „8.1 Exploded view of wheel bearing housing, wheel bearing
unit, trailing arm with mounting bracket“, page 185
Tightening torques
⇒ „9.1 Exploded view of shock absorbers, coil springs“,
page 202
Tightening torques
⇒ „10.1 Exploded view of anti-roll bar“, page 208
6.7 Removing and installing rear left vehicle
level sender -G76- and rear right vehicle
level sender -G77-
General notes:
Vehicles with electronic damping control (Audi magnetic ride)
and/or gas discharge headlights have automatic headlight range
control fitted as standard equipment ⇒ Rep. gr. 94 .
The electronic damping control (Audi magnetic ride) and the au‐
tomatic headlight range control functions require information on
the compression and rebound travel at the front and rear sus‐
pension.
For this purpose, the position of the left/right transverse link in
relation to the body is transferred to the rear left vehicle level
sender -G76- and the rear right vehicle level sender -G77- via a
coupling rod. The senders then transmit electrical signals to the
electronically controlled damping control unit -J250- and/or the
gas discharge light control units (left/right) -J343/344- .
Servicing gas discharge light control unit (left/right) -J343/344- ⇒
Rep. gr. 94 .
On the front axle these signals are supplied by the front left vehicle
level sender -G78- and front right vehicle level sender -G289- to
the electronically controlled damping control unit -J250- and/or
the gas discharge light control units (left/right) -J343/344- .
These signals are required for calculating the current attitude of
the vehicle.
The automatic headlight range control reacts to changes in the
suspension height (attitude of the vehicle).
The following situations may produce a change in the suspension
height:
♦ Towing a trailer/caravan
♦ Different loads (vehicle unladen, partly laden or fully laden)
179
6. Subframe, lower transverse link, upper transverse link, track rod, vehicle level sender (four-wheel drive) - Coupé