Hydraulics
Hydraulic system
Convertible top opening cycle
The hydraulic system comprises an electric motor, a This causes the pressure relief valve to open and the
pump housing and the oil tank which are connected hydraulic fluid displaced backwards by the cylinder
to the hydraulic cylinders by plastic sheathed lines. flows to the pump or back into the oil pan.
The convertible top is opened or closed by reversing If the dead centre position of the convertible top
the direction of rotation of the electric motor. When kinematics is exceeded, restrictor orifices create a
the convertible top switch is actuated, the hydraulic backpressure which prevents the convertible top
pump turns clockwise. The two-way valve closes the from lowering too quickly.
return line on the pressure side and simultaneously If the convertible top switch is still being actuated
opens the pressureless return line on the opposite when the convertible top reaches its end position,
side. A slight excess pressure is applied to the check the hydraulic pressure continues rising to a
valve by increasing the pressure. The hydraulic maximum of approx. 160 bar. A spring loaded valve
pressure flows into the hydraulic cylinder above the opens and the excess hydraulic pressure flows back
piston rod and pushes it down, opening the into the oil tank.
convertible top. When the convertible top switch is released, the
At the same time, pilot pressure is applied to the check valve closes and a residual pressure in the
pressure-controlled check valve on the pressureless cylinder stabilises the convertible top linkage while
side through a bypass port from the pressure side. driving.
Spring-loaded valve
is open on reaching 7 7
the max. pressure of
approx. 160 bar
Oil pressure side
Oil intake side
6
Control pressure
5 6
Oil return line
4 4
1
3 3
2
8
391_087
Legend:
1 Electric motor with hydraulic pump 5 Emergency release
2 Two-way valve 6 Return flow restrictors
3 Spring-loaded pressure relief valve 7 Hydraulic cylinder
4 Pressure-controlled check valve 8 Oil filter in the hydraulic pump
36