Infotainment
Radios and radio navigation systems
In this regard, the TT Roadster has the same hardware specification as in the TT Coupé ‘07.
For an overview of the basic functions, refer to SSP 380, page 48 onwards.
chorus, concert and symphony radios in the 2-DIN housing
The following new functions will be available from autumn 2006:
– CD pause while radio is in mute mode – Clock time display on the radio display
(manual or via telephone) (North America only):
– LOADING is displayed while changing the when the radio is OFF or if the radio is not
selected CD in the CD changer operated for some time, the clock time of the
– Seek function configuration in the MENU: dash panel insert is shown on the radio display.
normal seek according to station frequency or This function can be turned ON and OFF using
comfort seek across RDS station family. the MENU key.
During the comfort seek, the RDS service
PI (= programme information) is evaluated. The radio software is non-flashable, which means
that the new functions cannot be installed in older
systems.
Navigation System Plus
The new TT Roadster also includes – Support for the BOSE Surround amplifier in the
Navigation System Plus (RNS-E), both in the Premium sound system. Navigation System Plus
TT Coupé and in the TT Roadster. sends a CAN message indicating whether the
The following features of Navigation System Plus audio output signal to the amplifier is from an
have been adapted for the Audi TT: analog source (FM, AM, TV) or a digital source
(CD, MP3). The BOSE amplifier reproduces only
– New front trim design adapted to match the digital audio sources in surround sound, as only
interior of the TT. digital sources are true stereo sources. Analog
sources are not reproduced in surround sound.
– Transport mode: Transport mode has been It is possible to receive mono signals when using
extended to include a DVD eject button lock. analog sources.
The navigation DVD is loaded into the system Surround sound is not possible with mono
during production. The locked eject button signals, since a stereo signal with differences
prevents removal of the DVD from the vehicle between the left and right audio channels is
while the vehicle is in transit to the dealer. needed to create the 3D sound effect.
As with the current radios or the navigation
– Power-up screen: The power-up screens adapted system (BNS 5.0), surround sound is not
to the vehicle can be selected using the configurable.
diagnostic tester.
The navigation system (BNS 5.0) is unchanged from
that in the TT Coupé.
391_097
45