Convenience opening/closing
The convertible top can also be operated via the
locking cylinder in the driver's door.
To open the convertible top, the vehicle first has to
be unlocked. Turn the lock cylinder towards the
direction of travel using the ignition key.
To start the convertible top operating cycle, turn the
ignition key again to the "open" position within two
seconds and hold it engaged in this position.
To close the convertible top, lock the vehicle using
the ignition key. Now turn the ignition key back to
the "close" position within two seconds and hold it
engaged in this position.
391_014
If the convertible top is in an intermediate position
(neither closed nor open), the convertible top
operating cycle can be started by actuating the lock
cylinder once and holding the lock engaged.
If the vehicle has an anti-theft alarm, the vehicle
must be opened with the remote control key before
opening the convertible top.
The anti-theft alarm is thereby deactivated. Please
read and observe the information given in the
vehicle's Owner's Manual.
391_015
Fully automatic convertible top operating
cycle
The convertible top can be opened fully automa- Unlike the fully automatic opening cycle, the
tically while driving. convertible top can only close automatically.
This function is active when the vehicle is travelling This means: the convertible top operating switch
at a speed of > 6 kph and < 50 kph. To start the E137 must be kept pressed down throughout the
convertible top "opening" cycle, actuate the convertible top operating cycle.
convertible top operating switch E137 briefly If the vehicle exceeds a speed of 50 kph, the
(for < 0.5 seconds). automatic convertible top closing cycle is aborted.
If the convertible top "opening" cycle is started at a The convertible top stops instantly, whatever its
speed of < 50 kph and the vehicle is subsequently position at that moment.
accelerated to a speed of > 50 kph, audible and Audible and visual warnings are issued to the driver.
visual warnings are issued to the driver while the If the vehicle is travelling at a speed of less than
convertible top is opening. 50 kph, the driver has to restart the convertible top
The convertible top "opening" cycle is not aborted. closing cycle by actuating the convertible top
operating switch.
391_062
17