Audi magnetic ride
Special functions
Temperature model
The suspension damping becomes softer with The required voltage is determined and the resist-
increasing magneto-rheological fluid temperature. ance is calculated.
A software module for temperature compensation The basic value is the resistance measured in a vehi-
is integrated in the control unit. The rising tempera- cle which has been shut off for at least 6 hours. The
ture is compensated by increasing the magnetic coil following measurements are correlated with the
activation current. basic value. Based on the change in resistance, the
Likewise, the activation current is reduced at low control unit determines the actual temperature in
ambient temperatures. the shock absorber damper.In addition, the temper-
Temperature is determined indirectly by measuring ature of the control unit is calculated. This is done
the resistance of the magnetic coil. by evaluating the electrical currents provided by the
A current of 3A is applied to the coil for the duration control unit to activate the coils.
of 40 ms.
Temperature shut-off
The magnetic coil activation current must be In 'Sport' mode, higher damping forces are pro-
increased in order to compensate for the effect of duced by increasing the magnetic coil activation
temperature increase in the dampers. However, current. Activating the 'Sport' mode would, there-
increasing the electrical current causes further fore, cause a further increase in the already high
heating of the magnetic coil.Upwards of a defined temperature in the suspension damper. The control
threshold temperature of (90°C), therefore, it is no unit is shut down when its temperature exceeds
longer possible for the driver to select 'Sport' mode. 110°C.
Emergency operation in case of failure in electrical activation of the magnetic coil
Damping speed [m/s]
Adjustment range of Audi magnetic ride
381_040
28
]N[
ecrof
repmaD
In case of failure in electrical activation of multiple In this case, the most comfortable suspension
magnetic coils, the magnetic coils of all suspension damping characteristic is set.
dampers are no longer activated.
Suspension damper force characteristic of Audi magnetic ride
Tension (rebound)
0
Compression (bump)
Most comfortable damper setting