Infotainment
Sound system
The sound systems are based on the sound systems in the TT Coupé ‘07 (refer to SSP 382).
Basic sound
The basic sound system with four loudspeakers in The Chorus radio does not evaluate the convertible
combination with the chorus radio is identical to top position. The loudspeakers cannot be muted
the basic sound system in the TT Coupé. during convertible top operation.
It uses the audio amplifier in the Chorus radio.
Standard sound
The standard sound system has been slightly
modified compared to the system in the TT Coupé.
The software of the "digital sound package
control unit J525" (amplifier) has been extended
for the roadster to include the following features:
– Sound tuning for convertible top open and – Sound correction during phone calls or voice
closed control of the Navigation plus
To ensure an optimum sound both when the The digital sound package control unit J525
convertible top is open and closed, sound evaluates CAN messages from the telephone
tunings have been configured for these transmitter and receiver unit R36 or the
convertible top conditions. Navigation plus system with voice control and
In the case of the manual convertible top, the thereupon sets the sound system to optimum
digital sound package control unit J525 voice quality.
evaluates a CAN message from the onboard
power supply control unit J519. In the case of the This amplifier will also be installed in the TT Coupé
automatic convertible top, the digital sound from autumn 2006.
package control unit J525 evaluates a message The loudspeakers are identical to the loudspeakers
from the convertible top operation control unit in the TT Coupé.
J256. The sound set-up is changed over when
opening and closing the convertible top at the
start of the door glass operating cycle. Sound
output is muted briefly to ensure a pleasant
transition for the listener. The duration of muting
is similar to that when changing radio stations
using the station keys.
BOSE Surround Sound
The amplifier in the BOSE sound system has also The subwoofer is built into the TT Roadster in the
been adapted for use in the Roadster. rear bulkhead of the occupant cell, on the right
The software modifications are identical to the adjacent the optional ski bag. All other loudspeakers
modifications to the standard amplifier (see above). are identical to the loudspeakers in the TT Coupé.
This amplifier will also be installed in the TT Coupé
in combination with software version 120 or higher.
The BOSE Audio Pilot technology is ideal for a
roadster. It measures the ambient noise with a
microphone and the adjusts volume and sound in
the amplifier so that the listener does not perceive
any change in sound quality.
46