Heating and air conditioning system
Heating system
The entry-level engines of the Audi TT Roadster are The name has been adapted and the heating system
equipped as standard with a heating and ventilation is now:
system. Heating control unit, Climatronic control unit J255.
Heater control unit, Climatronic control unit J255, Of course, both air conditioner control units have
differs from the control unit with air conditioning different part numbers.
system in regard to its design.
The rotary temperature control has neither degrees Seat heating is likewise an optional extra in the
nor units of temperature. Audi TT Roadster.
The designations of the Climatronic control unit Three heater settings can be selected at the touch
J255 of the heating system and the air conditioning of a button. The selected heat output setting is
system in the Audi TT Coupé ‘07 and Audi TT indicated by LEDs above the button.
Roadster are identical.
Heating control unit, Climatronic control unit J255
Rotary control "Temperature" Rotary control "Air flow" Rotary control "Air distribution"
391_016
Function key "Air recirculation" Seat heating button with LEDs
Vehicles equipped with a heating system only are not fitted with various components which are required for
temperature control in vehicles equipped with an air conditioning system.
Vehicles equipped with a with heating system only do not, for example, have the temperature flap control
motor, right V159, the front left chest vent temperature sender G385, the vent temperature sender, left and
right footwells G261, G262, the evaporator out-flow temperature sender G263, the dash panel temperature
sensor G56 and its temperature sensor blower V42, the sunlight penetration photo sensor G107, the high
pressure sender and, finally, the air conditioner compressor.
The heating system and the air distribution housing differ from one another in that certain components are
not present heating systems, as compared to air conditioning systems.
Refer to the Workshop Manual for further information.
42