Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail) - Edition 03.2010
Select settings on hot air blower as shown in illustration, i.e. set
temperature potentiometer -2- to maximum heat output and two-
stage air flow switch -3- to position 3.
WARNING
Heating the thread of the locking plate also heats up the shear
bolts and parts of the metal housing. Take care to avoid burns.
It is also important to ensure that only the thread is heated and
none of the surrounding components if at all possible. These
should be covered if necessary.
Apply heat to the threads of the shear bolts on the connector side
as shown in the illustration.
Switch on the hot air blower and heat the bolt for approximately
20 ... 30 seconds.
– Unscrew shear bolts using suitable vice-grip pliers (see arrow
in illustration).
– The two shear bolts screwed into the engine control unit do
not need to be heated. They can be removed without heating.
– Detach protective housing from control unit connectors.
– Release connectors on engine control unit -J623- and unplug
connectors.
– Take out old engine control unit -J623- and connect new en‐
gine control unit -J623- .
Installing
Installation is performed in the reverse sequence.
– After installation, the protective housing must be re-fitted on
the engine control unit -J623- .
– Clean threaded holes for shear bolts to remove any residue
from locking fluid. This can be done using a thread tap.
– Always use new shear bolts.
The procedure required after connecting the new engine control
unit is described in the Guided Fault Finding or Guided Functions.
Use vehicle diagnostic tester to do so.
– The injector delivery calibration and the injector voltage cali‐
bration must additionally be re-adapted in the engine control
unit -J623- after the control unit has been renewed (these
functions influence engine power and exhaust emissions).
– On vehicles with particulate filter the current mileage (km)
reading must be stored in the engine control unit via an adap‐
tion procedure.
72
Rep. Gr.23 - Mixture preparation - injection