Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail, generation II) - Edition 05.2010
1.3 Rules for cleanliness and instructions
for working on fuel system
To prevent the high-pressure fuel pump from running while it is
empty and to ensure that the engine starts quickly after parts have
been renewed, it is important to observe the following:
♦ If components of the fuel system between the fuel tank and
the high-pressure fuel pump are removed or renewed, the ba‐
sic setting “Checking fuel system pressurisation pump” must
be performed to bleed the fuel system.
♦ If the supplementary fuel pump, fuel line (between fuel tank
and high-pressure fuel pump) or fuel filter is removed or re‐
newed, the basic setting “Checking fuel system pressurisation
pump” must be performed before the engine is started for the
first time.
♦ If the high-pressure fuel pump is removed or renewed, the ba‐
sic setting “Checking fuel system pressurisation pump” must
be performed before the engine is started for the first time.
Procedure for first fuel filling ⇒ page 29
• Clean tools and workbench etc. before working on the injection
system.
• Thoroughly clean all unions and surrounding areas before dis‐
connecting.
• When removing components, plug all open connections im‐
mediately with suitable clean sealing caps.
• Do not remove sealing caps from components until immedi‐
ately prior to installation. After removal, components should
be kept in new, sealable plastic bags (use the original new part
packaging if possible).
• Before installation, check the injectors and their surroundings
visually; they must be undamaged and free of lint. Make sure
the injector bores in the cylinder head are clean. Wipe out if
necessary using a clean cloth, taking care not to cause dam‐
age. Do not use sharp objects of any kind.
• If the high-pressure fuel lines are to be re-used, you must mark
them before removal. High-pressure fuel lines must always be
re-installed in their original positions (i.e. on the same cylin‐
der).
• The following components and seals/O-rings must always be
renewed when the injectors are removed and installed: “cop‐
per seal” and “O-ring for injector bore”.
• The following components and seals/O-rings must always be
renewed when an injector is renewed: “clamping piece”, “cop‐
per seal” and “O-ring for injector bore”.
• Always fit new copper seals for the injectors. Check all new O-
rings for damage before installing. Lubricate O-rings lightly
with assembly oil or clean engine oil before installing.
• Take care not to damage the injectors when removing the old
copper seals.
• Align the high-pressure fuel lines so they are free of tension.
Tighten all unions lightly to start with before tightening to final
torque.
• Never attempt to bend high-pressure fuel lines to shape.
• When working on any parts of the high-pressure fuel system,
tools may only be used for loosening and tightening pipe un‐
ions. All other components must always be removed and
installed by hand without using tools or other equipment.
2
Rep. Gr.23 - Mixture preparation - injection