Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail, generation II) - Edition 05.2010
Note
♦ The fuel pressure regulating valve -N276- has a deformable
sealing lip and no separate seal; it can therefore be used only
once.
♦ Check that sealing surfaces (deformable sealing lip) and
threads on new fuel pressure regulating valve -N276- are not
damaged.
♦ Check sealing surface at opening in fuel rail.
♦ The beginning of the thread and the deformable sealing lip of
the fuel pressure regulating valve -N276- must be coated with
diesel fuel.
– Screw on union nut by hand.
– Align new regulating valve so that connecting wire is free of
tension after connector is attached.
– Hold regulating valve in this position by holding hexagon flats
on housing of regulating valve with open-end spanner or pliers
(water pump pliers or similar).
– Use suitable torque wrench with an open-end spanner insert
(30 mm) to tighten union nut.
– Install fuel rail ⇒ page 55 .
– After installation, run engine at moderate speed for several
minutes and then switch off.
– Check fuel system for leaks.
– Interrogate event memory.
After renewing high-pressure pump and/or fuel pressure regulat‐
ing valve -N276- , adaption must be performed. (The procedure
is described under Guided Functions.)
– After completing the repair, road-test the vehicle. Accelerate
with full throttle at least once. Then check the high-pressure
section of the fuel system again for leaks.
– Interrogate event memory again.
9.7 Removing and installing fuel pressure
sender -G247-
The fuel pressure sender -G247- is located in the fuel rail and
continuously measures the fuel pressure in the high-pressure
system. It transmits a corresponding voltage signal to the engine
control unit -J623- .
Removing
WARNING
♦ Always read rules for cleanliness and instructions for
working on fuel system ⇒ page 2 .
♦ Follow these instructions and rules for cleanliness before
starting work and while working on the fuel system.
– Remove engine cover panel ⇒ page 16 .
52
Rep. Gr.23 - Mixture preparation - injection