Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail) - Edition 03.2010
23 – Mixture preparation - injection
1 Safety precautions and rules for
cleanliness
1.1 Safety precautions
Note the following if testers and measuring instruments have to
be used during a road test:
WARNING
Accidents can be caused if the driver is distracted by test
equipment while road-testing, or if test equipment is not prop‐
erly secured.
Persons sitting in the front passenger's seat could be injured if
the airbag is triggered in an accident.
• The use of test equipment while driving causes distraction.
• There is an increased risk of injury if test equipment is not
secured.
♦ Test equipment must always be secured on the rear seat
with a strap and operated from the rear seat by a second
person.
1.2 Rules for cleanliness and instructions
for working on fuel system
To prevent the high-pressure fuel pump from running while it is
empty and to ensure that the engine starts quickly after parts have
been renewed, it is important to observe the following:
♦ If components of the fuel system between the fuel tank and
the high-pressure fuel pump are removed or renewed, the ba‐
sic setting “Checking fuel system pressurisation pump” must
be performed to bleed the fuel system.
♦ If a fuel pump, fuel line or fuel filter are removed or renewed,
the basic setting “Display group 35” must be performed ONCE
before the engine is started for the first time.
♦ If the high-pressure fuel pump is removed or renewed, the ba‐
sic setting “Display group 35” must be performed THREE
TIMES before the engine is started for the first time.
• Clean tools and workbench etc. before working on the injection
system.
• Thoroughly clean all unions and surrounding areas before dis‐
connecting.
• When removing components, plug all open connections im‐
mediately with suitable clean sealing caps.
• Do not remove sealing caps from components until immedi‐
ately prior to installation. After removal, components should
be kept in new, sealable plastic bags (use the original new part
packaging if possible).
• Before installation, check the injectors and their surroundings
visually; they must be undamaged and free of lint. Make sure
the injector bores in the cylinder head are clean. Wipe out if
1
1. Safety precautions and rules for cleanliness