Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail, generation II) - Edition 05.2010
• Do not dismantle individual common rail components.
• If there is a fault, the complete components must be renewed.
• Do not bleed the common rail system by unfastening high-
pressure components after the engine has been started.
• When the engine is running, do not perform any repairs to the
common rail system; in particular, do not open or detach the
high-pressure pipes.
• All cable ties which are released or cut open when removing
must be refitted in the same position when installing.
• When the fuel system is open: Do not work with compressed
air if this can be avoided. Do not move the vehicle unless ab‐
solutely necessary.
• Also ensure that no diesel fuel comes into contact with the
coolant hoses. Should this occur, the hoses must be cleaned
immediately. Damaged hoses must be re n ewed.
1.4 To avoid any risk of injuries to persons
and/or damage to the injection and glow
plug system, always observe the follow‐
ing safety precautions:
♦ Persons wearing a pacemaker should not lean over the engine
compartment while the engine is running, as the injectors use
high voltage pulses.
♦ Do not open any fuel line connections while the engine is run‐
ning.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before connecting or discon‐
necting injection and glow plug system wiring or tester cables.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before cleaning the engine.
♦ Always switch off the ignition before connecting or discon‐
necting the battery, otherwise the engine control unit may be
damaged.
♦ Certain tests may lead to a fault being detected by the control
unit and stored. The event memory should therefore be inter‐
rogated and (if necessary) erased after completing the tests
and any repair work that may be required.
1.5 Checking vacuum system
Special tools and workshop equipment required
♦ Hand vacuum pump -VAS 6213-
Procedure
– Check all vacuum lines in the complete vacuum system for:
♦ Cracks
3
1. Safety precautions and rules for cleanliness