Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail) - Edition 03.2010
necessary using a clean cloth, taking care not to cause dam‐
age. Do not use sharp objects of any kind.
• If the high-pressure fuel lines are to be re-used, you must mark
them before removal. High-pressure fuel lines must always be
re-installed in their original positions (i.e. on the same cylin‐
der).
• The following components and seals/O-rings must always be
renewed when the injectors are removed and installed: “cop‐
per seal”, “O-ring for injector bore”, “O-ring for injector return
connection”.
• The following components and seals/O-rings must always be
renewed when an injector is renewed: “clamping piece”, “cop‐
per seal”, “O-ring for injector bore”, “O-ring for injector return
connection”.
• Always fit new copper seals for the injectors. Check all new O-
rings for damage before installing. Lubricate O-rings lightly
with assembly oil or clean engine oil before installing. Use as‐
sembly tool for installing the “O-ring for injector return con‐
nection”.
• Take care not to damage the injectors when removing the old
copper seals.
• Align the high-pressure fuel lines so they are free of tension.
Tighten all unions lightly to start with before tightening to final
torque.
• Never attempt to bend high-pressure fuel lines to shape.
• When working on any parts of the high-pressure fuel system,
tools may only be used for loosening and tightening pipe un‐
ions. All other components must always be removed and
installed by hand without using tools or other equipment.
• Press the return lines onto the injectors by hand from above
so that they engage audibly on each injector (do not press in
the release pins when doing this). Then press down the re‐
lease pin after connecting the return line. Check that the return
lines are seated securely by pulling them by hand from above.
Also check that they seal properly (fuel pressure in return line
as far as pressure retention valve: between 8 and 10 bar).
• All cable ties which are released or cut open when removing
must be refitted in the same position when installing.
• When the fuel system is open: Do not work with compressed
air if this can be avoided. Do not move the vehicle unless ab‐
solutely necessary.
• Also ensure that no diesel fuel comes into contact with the
coolant hoses. Should this occur, the hoses must be cleaned
immediately. Damaged hoses must be renewed.
Use release tool -T40138- to unplug connectors that cannot be
accessed easily.
2
Rep. Gr.23 - Mixture preparation - injection