Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail) - Edition 03.2010
– To tighten unions of high-pressure pipes to fuel rail, use torque
wrench -V.A.G 1331- with tool insert, AF 17 -V.A.G 1331/6- .
♦ Observe tightening torque: Installing high-pressure pipes
⇒ page 52 .
♦ Tightening torques: refer to exploded view of fuel system
⇒ page 14
– Press return line connections carefully over the seals and onto
the injector units (check seal for damage before connecting
return line). The catch should engage audibly. Then press re‐
lease pin down carefully.
After replacement of one or more injectors, the “injector delivery
calibration values” and “injector voltage calibration values” for the
new injectors must be written into the engine control unit Vehicle
diagnostic, testing and information system -VAS 5051B- .
Additionally, check that the “injector delivery calibration values”
and “injector voltage calibration values” are correctly entered for
all the other injectors. Do NOT attempt to re-enter these calibra‐
tion values if the correct values are already stored in the engine
control unit.
Bleeding fuel system and checking for leaks
Note
The fuel system is self-bleeding; do not open the high-pressure
connections.
– Run engine at idling speed for several minutes and then switch
off.
– Switch off ignition.
– Check the complete fuel system including all 4 return line con‐
nections for leaks.
Renew affected component if leakage still occurs after tightening
to correct torque.
Note
The return lines can only be renewed together with the pressure
retention valve as one unit.
– After completing the repair, road-test the vehicle over a dis‐
tance of at least 20 km. Accelerate with full throttle at least
once. Then inspect the high-pressure section of the fuel sys‐
tem again for leaks.
Note
If there is any air left in the fuel system, the engine may switch to
the backup mode ('emergency running' mode) during the road
test. Switch off the engine and erase the fault memory. Then con‐
tinue the road test.
48
Rep. Gr.23 - Mixture preparation - injection