Audi TT 2007 ➤
TDI injection and glow plug system (4-cyl. 2.0 ltr. 4-valve common rail) - Edition 03.2010
– Apply puller -T10055- with adapter -T10055/1- as shown in
illustration and pull injector out upwards by tapping gently.
– After removal, lay injectors on a clean cloth.
Important instructions for installing injectors:
• When removing and installing, always renew the following
components and seals/O-rings: “copper seal”, “O-ring for in‐
jector bore”, “O-ring for injector return connection”.
• The following components and seals/O-rings must always be
renewed when an injector is renewed: “clamping piece”, “cop‐
per seal”, “O-ring for injector bore”, “O-ring for injector return
connection”.
• Lubricate all O-rings with engine oil or assembly oil before in‐
stalling.
Note
♦ Note identification marks for cylinder allocation when re-in‐
stalling high-pressure pipes.
♦ The high-pressure pipes can be re-used after performing the
following checks:
♦ Check taper seats of high-pressure pipes for deformation and
cracks.
♦ The bore of the pipe must not be distorted, restricted or oth‐
erwise damaged.
♦ Corroded pipes must not be used again.
If a used injector is being re-installed:
– Spray tip of injector nozzle with rust-releasing spray. Wait ap‐
prox. 5 minutes and wipe off soot particles and oil with a cloth.
– If an injector is very dirty, the tip of the nozzle should also be
clean e d with a soft brass wire brush to make it easier to re‐
move t he copper seal. Do not apply the wire brush to the bores
in the nozzle.
– To remove the old copper seal from the injector, clamp the seal
carefully in a vice so that it is just held between the jaws without
turning. Then carefully pull and twist the injector out of the
copper seal by hand.
– Clean off deposits under the copper seal using a suitable scra‐
per.
Caution
To remove carbon deposits from the injector sealing surface,
clean the injector seat in the cylinder head with a cloth soaked
in engine oil or rust solvent. Take care not to damage the seal‐
ing surface.
46
Rep. Gr.23 - Mixture preparation - injection