Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
Modern radial ply tyres for passenger cars are mounted only on
safety rims. Safety rims have a hump -1- running along the bead
seat.
1 - Hump (H2)
2 - Inner bead seat
3 - Rim
4 - Wheel
5 - Outer bead seat
The hump prevents the tyre from being pressed out of the bead
seat when travelling with insufficient tyre pressure.
When the tyre is inflated, the bead of the tyre may not slip com‐
pletely over the outer rim hump.
In this case, there is a danger of the bead core becoming over‐
stretched if the tyre pressure is too high. The steel wires would
then rupture partially or completely. A broken bead core cannot
be detected from the outside.
DANGER!
♦ Tyres with damaged bead cores are not seated safely and
securely on the rim. Such tyres are a safety risk!
♦ In addition, there is a risk of the partly broken bead core
breaking apart during continued operation and the tyre
could suddenly tear open. If the bead core breaks during
inflation, the carcass will also be destroyed.
8.11 Bead damage caused by fitting machine
The following errors which can be made when fitting tyres can
lead to severe tyre damage:
♦ When rolling the upper bead on the tyre fitting machine, the
opposite tyre bead is not seated completely in the rim well.
♦ The fitting head was not adjusted correctly.
♦ The edge of the fitting roller rolls onto the bead.
♦ The guide rollers are worn or have sharp edges.
It is often possible to identify the tracks of the guide roller as it was
applied or ran off where the damage occurred.
Note
Both tyre beads as well as the bead seats must always be coated
with assembly paste.
If fitting damage remains undetected, there is a danger that the
tyre will fail later during operation.
THEREFORE PLEASE NOTE:
• Never fit a tyre without using assembly paste.
• Do not allow the bead seating pressure to exceed 3 bar.
• Do not allow the tyre inflation pressure to exceed 4 bar.
• When the tyre has been fitted, reduce the tyre pressure to the
specified value.
62
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry