Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
1.6 Removing and fitting run-flat tyres
Safety notes for run-flat tyres ⇒ page 10
Conditions for fitting run-flat tyres ⇒ page 10
Unseating run-flat tyres ⇒ page 12
Removing run-flat tyres ⇒ page 12
Fitting run-flat tyres ⇒ page 14
1.7 Safety notes for run-flat tyres
• Run-flat tyres must be installed and/or removed by specially
trained mechanics.
• The required special tools must be undamaged and in perfect
working order. For information on suitable additional tools and
materials, please contact the manufacturer of your tyre fitting
unit directly. For listed tyre fitting units with VAS numbers, the
additional tools and materials are available as recommended
accessories.
• Where applicable, use the assembly paste recommended by
the tyre manufacturer.
• The description of the procedures for removing and fitting tyres
may vary depending on the equipment manufacturer and type
of unit.
• The basic procedures for removing and fitting run-flat tyres are
described below. Before starting work on a tyre, it is important
to establish whether it is likely to be a run-flat tyre, and to follow
the correct procedures when removing or fitting it.
• You can identify run-flat tyres from any of the following abbre‐
viations: DSST, Euforia, RFT, ROF, RSC, SSR or ZP. These
abbreviations are located on the sidewall after the tyre desig‐
nation.
• Please always observe the instructions and warnings in the
following description.
• Check whether the tyre pressure sensor has to be renewed (if
fitted) ⇒ Vehicle diagnosis, testing and information system
VAS 5051.
Note
♦ Ensure that the tyre does not come into contact with the tyre
pressure sensor during removal and fitting work.
♦ When cleaning the wheel rim, the tyre pressure sensor must
not be allowed to come into contact with water and must not
be blown out with compressed air.
1.8 Conditions for fitting run-flat tyres
Allowing cold tyres to warm up to minimum fitting temperature
Note
This procedure also applies to ultra high performance tyres
(height/width ratio 45 % or less and speed symbol V or higher).
10
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry