Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
♦ when toe-in values are too high
♦ when tyre pressures are incorrect
♦ when the tread is coarse, open
♦ on tyres which are fitted to the non-driven wheels
♦ when the vehicle is driven very fast around tight corners
1 -More pronounced wear at the front of the tread block
2 -Direction of rotation
Non-directional tyres:
In the event of saw-tooth wear, the direction of rotation of the tyre
must be reversed. If saw-tooth wear is especially pronounced and
tyre noise has increased, interchange the tyres diagonally. This
will reduce the saw-tooth effect. On front-wheel-drive vehicles,
this effect is intensified by the greater wear on the front axle. Tyre
noise will be somewhat greater immediately after the tyres have
been interchanged, but will return to the normal level after driving
about 500 – 1,000 km.
Directional tyres:
In the event of increased saw-tooth wear on the rear tyres – in
particular on front-wheel-drive vehicles – interchange the front
and rear tyres. In the event of increased saw-tooth wear on the
outer edges of the tyres on one axle, turn both tyres around on
their rims. The left-hand wheel must then be fitted on the right side
of the vehicle and the right-hand wheel on the left side.
Saw-tooth wear is a normal wear pattern and can be rectified on
non-directional tyres by rotating the wheels diagonally. The wear
should then be compensated after approx. 500 – 1,000 km.
The complaint report should include information detailing the pre‐
vious repair work.
Modern tyres are designed for maximum driving safety, even in
wet conditions. This demands an open tread pattern at the
shoulders of the tyre and a softer rubber composition for the tread
itself, both of which accelerate saw-tooth wear.
Saw-tooth wear is a normal wear pattern and does not constitute
a fault which is covered by the warranty.
4.4 Flat spots (brake-flatting)
Flat spots can result from an extreme brake application which
causes the wheels to lock, so that the rubber is worn off at the
contact patch between the tread and the road surface.
As the tyres slide over the road surface, friction generates heat,
which also reduces the wear resistance of the tread material.
Not even a highly wear-resistant tread compound can prevent the
flat spots caused by violent braking.
Even ABS-controlled brake systems are not always able to stop
the wheels locking briefly, causing small patches of wear.
The degree of such wear depends largely on the vehicle speed,
the road surface and the load placed on the wheel. The following
examples should make this clear.
If a vehicle is braked to a standstill on a dry surface with the
wheels locked, the amount of rubber worn from the tyre will cover
an area the size of a postcard and will have a thickness of:
♦ up to 2.0 mm when braking from a speed of 57 km/h (23.8 m
braking distance)
41
4. Tyre noise