Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
2 Tyre requirements and tyre mainte‐
nance
2.1 Introduction
The purpose of this revised information is to supplement your ex‐
isting knowledge and experience.
Our customers should always receive competent and plausible
answers to their questions regarding “wheels and tyres”.
By providing this information we want to help you make reliable
and safe assessments when dealing with tyre damage and rela‐
ted problems.
In this chapter you will learn more about tyres and wheels/rims.
Tyres are high-tech products that are especially adapted to the
requirements of modern vehicles.
As with all highly developed technical products, tyres require
proper care, maintenance and service. This is essential to ensure
safety, performance and comfort for the entire service life of the
tyre.
Tyres are constantly being further developed. Quality tyres are
the result of modern design methods and production processes,
as well as continuous quality checks. All tyres that are approved
by Audi have been tested by the technical development depart‐
ment and have been designed specifically for each model in
collaboration with the tyre manufacturers.
For this reason, we recommend only fitting tyres approved by Au‐
di and made by recommended manufacturers.
Vehicle safety is the top priority. An ideal safety compromise has
to be achieved, taking into account the various conditions in which
the tyres are used:
• Different speed ranges
• Winter and summer driving conditions
• Wet and dry roads
etc.
Every tyre is subjected to a wide range of different driving condi‐
tions over its entire service life. It is therefore important that the
basic requirements for ensuring optimum tyre performance are
met.
Proper wheel alignment is very important for ensuring the maxi‐
mum service life of the tyre. The wheel alignment must always be
within the specified tolerance range.
Note
Tyre damage and related problems can have various causes. It
is therefore very important that you can determine whether the
problem has been caused by the tyre or by other components.
The tyre properties change as a result of normal tyre wear. Rolling
noises or rough running can be the result of such wear. These are
simply the symptoms of normal wear and tear and do not consti‐
tute damage in the sense of the tyre being defective. You can take
measures to eliminate the symptoms at least to some degree.
22
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry