Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
2.12 The valve
1 - Valve body
2 - Valve core
3 - Valve cap
1. Valve body
The rubber valve for tubeless tyres is designed to be an air-tight
seal on the hole in the rim. The elastic material of the rubber valve
body presses tightly into the hole in the rim.
In the case of valves with a threaded metal base, a rubber seal is
used to seal the rim. The lateral faces of the rim hole are sealing
surfaces. They must therefore be free of rust and dirt and must
not be damaged.
2. Valve core
The valve core fulfills the most important task in the valve; it acts
as a seal and enables you to adjust the inflation pressure. The
small flat seal on the valve core can only function correctly if it is
free of foreign particles, dirt and moisture.
3. Valve cap
A valve cap must always be screwed onto the valve. It prevents
dirt from getting into the valve. Dirt in the valve could reach the
seal on the valve plunger when the tyre is inflated and lead to
leakage.
The valve must be renewed every time a new tyre is fitted.
If the vehicle is driven without caps on the valves, there is the
danger that dirt may get into the valve. This leads to a gradual
loss of air, which in turn can lead to the destruction of the tyre
⇒ page 27 .
Note
Please note: The valve cap must be fitted tightly to ensure air-
tight sealing.
2.13 Tyre storage
Storage area:
Rooms used for storing tyres must be
• dark
• dry,
• cool,
• well ventilated.
Stored tyres must not come in contact with fuel, oil, grease or
chemicals under any circumstances. Otherwi s e, the material in
the tyre will be damaged by chemical reaction s which are not al‐
ways visible.
As a result, dangerous situations can occur when the car is driven.
Of course, tyre damage occurs only if the tyre is in contact with
the chemical for a relatively long time. If a few drops of petrol drip
onto the tyre while you are filling the tank, this is of no concern.
2.14 Storing the tyres
Complete wheels
31
2. Tyre requirements and tyre maintenance