Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
– Then tighten the remaining wheel bolts to about 30 Nm (in
diagonal sequence). This process makes sure the wheel is
centred properly on the hub.
– Check that the imbalance is less than 20 grams using the finish
balancer.
Note
The imbalance should always be less than 20 grams before you
change the balance weight.
– If necessary, remove the wheel bolts again.
– Rotate the wheel relative to the hub once more, turning it one
or two wheel bolt holes further.
– Tighten the wheel bolts using the method described above.
Note
Do not try to reduce the imbalance using balance weights until
the imbalance is less than 20 grams.
– Balance the wheels until the imbalance is less than 5 grams.
– Tighten wheel bolts to specified torque setting if you have not
already done so.
– Always tighten wheel bolts to specified torque using a torque
wrench!
6.6 Vibration control system -VAS 6230 A-
The vibration control system -VAS 6230 A- has a range of addi‐
tional features over and above regular static wheel balancing.
One of the system's special features is the ability to test the radial
force of wheels/tyres while they are rotating.
To do this, a roller is pressed against the wheel with a force of
approx. 635 kg. This simulates the force exerted by the tyre's
contact patch on the road surface while the vehicle is in motion.
The contact forces on the tyre vary due to variations in the stiff‐
ness of the tyre and the degree of radial and lateral run-out on the
wheel/tyre.
The -VAS 6230 A- detects and memorises the position of maxi‐
mum measured radial force in the tyre. It then locates the smallest
measurement between the wheel flange and the centre of the rim.
6.7 Radial and lateral run-out on wheels and
tyres
Radial and lateral run-out occur when the wheel and tyre do not
run absolutely true.
For technical reasons, 100% true running is not possible.
For this reason, the manufacturers of these components allow a
precisely determined tolerance.
48
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry