Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
5 Rough running caused by wheels/
tyres
5.1 Causes of rough running
Rough running can have a number of different causes. It can also
be caused by tyre wear.
Tyre wear caused by driving is not always evenly spread across
the entire running surface of the tyre. This causes slight imbal‐
ances which affect the smooth running of a wheel which was
previously exactly balanced.
Minor imbalances will not be felt at the steering wheel, but that
does not mean that they are not there. They increase wear on the
tyre and thus reduce the tyre service life.
Recommendation:
To ensure optimum safety, smooth running and even wear
throughout the tyre's service life, we recommend having the
wheels and tyres balanced at least twice during the service life of
the tyre.
Rough running can also be caused by flat spots resulting from
storage or handling ⇒ page 43 .
5.2 Flat spots caused by storage or handling
Flat spots caused by storage or handling can also cause rough
running.
What is a flat spot?
It is important that flat spots on the tread are identified as such.
A flat spot in the tyre cannot be eliminated by re-balancing.
Flat spots of this kind can re-occur at any time due to particular
circumstances. Flat spots caused by storage or handling can be
eliminated without complicated special tools. This does not apply
to flat spots which have been caused by hard braking,
⇒ page 41 Flat spots (brake-flatting).
Note
Flat spots caused by hard braking cannot be repaired. Such tyres
must be renewed.
Other causes of flat spots:
♦ The vehicle has been left standing in one place without being
moved for a long period.
♦ The tyre inflation pressure is too low.
♦ The vehicle was placed in a paint shop drying booth after
painting.
♦ The vehicle was parked with warm tyres in a cool garage or
similar for a long period of time. In this case, a flat spot may
even occur overnight.
Eliminating flat spots caused by storage or handling
♦ Flat spots caused by storage or handling cannot be eliminated
from the tyre using workshop equipment.
43
5. Rough running caused by wheels/tyres