Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
3 Tyre wear/ mileage
3.1 General notes
A tyre has to meet numerous requirements. Refer to items A to H
in the list below.
Different types of tyres meet these requirements to varying de‐
grees.
Depending on the conditions in which the tyres are used and on
the type of vehicle, some requirements will be more important
than others.
H, V, and Z tyres for “high-performance vehicles” are expected to
have good grip on wet and flooded roads. However, mileage per‐
formance cannot be as good for tyres of this type as it is, for
example, in the case of S or T tyres.
3.2 Wear of high-speed tyres
These tyres are designed for very high speeds. When developing
these tyres, good grip in wet conditions is the main objective. The
rubber compositions required in order to meet this objective do
not have the same wear resistance as T and H tyres for lower
speeds.
The life expectancy of high-speed tyres is therefore considerably
lower in comparable conditions of use.
3.3 Evenly worn tyres
The requirements to be met by tyres are increasing continuously.
This is caused by the following factors:
♦ increased vehicle weight
♦ high speeds
♦ high level of vehicle safety.
Greater loads on the tyre will, of course, lead to an increase in
tyre wear.
Driving style has a critical effect on tyre wear. For this reason,
customer claims regarding tyre wear on evenly worn tyres are not
covered by the warranty.
The effective service life of a tyre can only be determined when
the remaining tread depth has reached 2 mm (see diagrams
⇒ page 24 ).
3.4 One-sided wear
This is often caused by driving style, but can be the result of in‐
correct wheel alignment.
O ne-sided wear, usually in conjunction with signs of scuffing on
the ribs of the tread and in the fine grooves, always occurs when
the tyres have been allowed to roll with an extreme tyre slip angle,
causing them to “rub” on the road surface.
Driving fast on a stretch of road with lots of bends will cause in‐
creased wear, in particular on the outer shoulder.
A rounded outer shoulder on the tyre in conjunction with a partic‐
ularly high degree of wear on the outer tread blocks indicates fast
cornering. This wear pattern is influenced by driving style.
To optimise handling, the suspension is set to certain toe-in and
camber values. Increased one-sided wear can be expected if
35
3. Tyre wear/ mileage