Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
WARNING
The fitting temperature of a tyre must not be less than 15 °C
and must not exceed 30 °C at the core.
• To prevent injury when fitting the tyre, the temperature of the
tyre (in particular the temperature of the upper sidewall and
upper bead inside the tyre) must be at least 15 °C.
• This internal temperature is referred to as the core tempera‐
ture.
• Since rubber is a poor heat conductor, a cold tyre must be
stored in a temperate environment until the internal rubber
layers have warmed up to at least 15 °C.
• The surface temperature of the tyre during the warm-up phase
is not indicative of the internal temperature.
• The quickest way for the tyres to absorb heat from the ambient
air is to allow the warm air to circulate around them freely. For
this purpose, they should be stored separately and NOT
stacked.
• Never use a heater or hot air blower to warm up t h e tyres, as
critical surface temperatures can build up extremely quickly.
• There is no way to heat the tyres without damaging them other
than using warm water or warm ambient air (max. 50 °C).
• If cold tyres (below 0 °C) are brought into a warm environment
(above 0 °C), a layer of frost will immediately form on the sur‐
face of the tyre. This layer of frost, which forms from the
condensation of moisture in the air, is a sign that the tyre is
rapidly absorbing heat from the ambient surroundings.
• When the layer of frost has thawed completely leaving a film
of condensate, you should wipe the tyre dry with a cloth to
prevent the evaporative cooling effect from slowing down the
warm-up process.
Warm-up times:
♦ Assuming a minimum room temperature of 19 °C and a tyre
temperature of 0 °C or higher, the tyre should be stored for at
least 2 hours.
♦ Assuming a minimum room temperature of 19 °C and a tyre
temperature of below 0 °C, the tyre should be stored for at
least 2.5 hours.
Recommendations for warm-up:
♦ Make it part of your routine job preparation to store the tyres
in the workshop 1 day before fitting them (if possible).
♦ Store the tyres as high up as possible on an insulated surface,
such as a wood pallet or similar.
♦ Keep the tyres separate so that the warm air can circulate
around them freely.
♦ Wipe off condensate.
♦ Never use a heater or hot air blower to warm up the tyres.
11
1. Fitting wheels / tyres / tyre pressure monitor