Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
road surface from the central area of the running surface. This is
reflected in the wear pattern.
Effects of this kind can be especially pronounced on wide tyres.
It is not possible to counter this wear pattern by reducing the tyre
pressure.
DANGER!
For safety reasons, the tyre pressure must not under any cir‐
cumstances be reduced below the specified tyre pressure.
A more or less even tread wear pattern can be achieved by in‐
terchanging the tyres on the driven wheels and non-driven wheels
in good time.
The typical tread wear pattern of tyres run on the driven wheels
of a high-performance vehicle. The increased wear in the centre
section of the tread results from the extra loading associated with
centrifugal forces within the tyre and the transmission of drive
forces.
3.7 Diagonal erosion
Diagonal erosion runs at an angle of approx. 45 ° to the direction
of rotation. It usually occurs at one point only, but can also occur
at several points around the circumference of the tyre.
Such erosion wear occurs almost exclusively on the tyres on the
non-driven wheels, in particular at the rear left. Diagonal erosion
occurs very often on some models, while it poses no problem at
all on other models. The effect is intensified by high toe-in values.
Toe-in values in the region of the lower tolerance limits of the
specified alignment values improve the wear pattern.
The most pronounced diagonal erosion is often found in the area
where the tyre components are joined.
Wheels with toe-in also roll with a tyre slip angle when the vehicle
is driven in a straight line. This leads to diagonal strain in the con‐
tact area between the tyres and road surface.
This wear pattern is intensified when tyre pressure is too low. To
avoid such tread wear patterns, the toe-in values of the two rear
wheels should be identical and the specified tyre pressures ob‐
served.
37
3. Tyre wear/ mileage