Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
• there is visible mechanical damage
• the tyres are more than 6 years old.
2.17 Care and maintenance of alloy wheel
rims
Regular care is required to maintain the decorative appearance
of alloy wheels over a long period of time.
In particular road salt and dust from brake abrasion must be thor‐
oughly washed off every 2 weeks; otherwise the finish of the alloy
wheel will suffer.
Suitable cleaning agents:
♦ Plain water or water with soft soap
♦ Water and essence of vinegar
♦ Alloy wheel cleansers withou t acids or strong solvents
Do not exceed the soaking time of the cleaning agent.
The shorter the recommended soaking time, the stronger and
more aggressive the cleaning agent.
If the finish is damaged, for example by stones, the damage must
be repaired as quickly as possible.
Removing adhesive residue from glued balance weights on alloy
rims:
♦ Strong solvents and acids attack the finish on alloy wheels and
the surface of the wheel becomes matt and milky. These sub‐
stances should therefore not be used.
♦ To remove adhesive residue on alloy wheels, use alloy cleans‐
ers or a petrol-based cleanser. Do not exceed the soaking time
of the cleaning agent.
♦ After cleaning or removing adhesive residue from wheels,
rinse them with water.
Rotating wheels:
♦ Vehicles with front-wheel drive exhibit more tread wear on the
front wheels due to the greater forces they have to transmit.
♦ In order for all 4 wheels on the vehicle to have the same serv‐
ice life, we recommend rotating the front and rear wheels/
tyres.
♦ Ensure that uni-directional tyres are not reversed.
♦ The longer the tyre runs at one position, the more it wears at
certain points. It is therefore advisable to rotate the wheels at
short intervals, for example every 5,000 km.
♦ Diagonal rotation is possible only with non-directional tyres.
This wheel rotation method is especially advantageous in the
case of saw-tooth wear. For more information on saw-tooth
wear, refer to ⇒ page 40 .
♦ If saw-tooth wear has already progressed and the tread is
worn by more than 50%, only slight improvements would be
achieved and rotation is not recommended. The elasticity of
the tread blocks declines and the saw-tooth wear does not
progress.
2.18 Tyres with rim protectors
The tyre industry produces tyres with rim protectors for light alloy
wheels. The rim protectors are intended to protect the light alloy
wheels against damage due to kerbing.
33
2. Tyre requirements and tyre maintenance