Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
the vehicle have possibly already been changed around at an
earlier date.
– Is the make of tyre approved by the factory as original equip‐
ment?
– Perform the road test on a road which is level, straight and
ungrooved and does not drop off to one side.
– Perform the test drive with the customer under the conditions
specified above. Ask the customer to demonstrate the prob‐
lem.
Note
There must be no cross wind during the road test.
If the complaint is justified, we recommend rotating the wheels
and tyres as described below.
Before you begin, observe the following notes; otherwise your ef‐
forts may not have the desired effect.
♦ Mark the tyres and wheels before rotating them.
♦ After rotating wheels or reversing the tyre on its rim, you must
observe very carefully how the vehicle behaves during the
road test. Note exactly what was changed.
♦ Assess the intensity of or a possible change in the tendency
to pull to one side.
♦ For this purpose it is important that the road tests are always
performed by the same person on the same road. It is best to
drive the “test course” in both directions.
♦ Replacing a tyre with a new tyre does not guarantee that pull‐
ing to one side will be eliminated. See also ⇒ page 52 “Taper”.
Therefore it is recommended to strategically change round the
wheels as described below as a first step.
♦ If there are large differences in the tread depth of the tyres on
the front and rear axles, the tyres with the deeper tread should
always be mounte d on the front axle.
7.3 Strategic rotation of wheels for non-directional tyres
I
Perform a road test to determine if a vehicle pulls to one side and if so, which side.
I
If the vehicle pulls to one side, change around the front wheels.
I
Perform road test
Vehicle travels in a straight line - END
Vehicle now pulls to other side Vehicle still pulls to the same side
I I
Reverse one front tyre on its rim (direction of travel is Change around tyres from front to rear.
reversed).
I I
Perform road test Perform road test
Vehicle travels in a straight line - END Vehicle travels in a straight line - END
Vehicle does not travel in a straight line. Vehicle does not travel in a straight line.
I I
54
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry