Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
8.12 Tyre pressure
The tyre pressure must be checked regularly. We recommend
checking the tyre pressure every two weeks. The correct tyre
pressure is especially important on long trips or when carrying a
heavy load. A dynamic driving style also requires correct or even
slightly increased tyre pressure.
8.13 Tyre damage due to insufficient inflation
pressure
The most common causes for tyre failure is minor external dam‐
age, a defective valve or a leaking rim due to corrosion or dam‐
age.
Excessive heat due to driving with very low tyre pressure led to
overheating and subsequent separation of the carcass from the
rubber material.
The tyre shown here was sporadically driven with an inflation
pressure which was insufficient for the load. A typical indication
for this is the scuffing all round the bead caused by the wheel
flange and also the discolouration. Small, furrowed creases are
visible along the inside of the sidewall.
When the tyre rolls, strong shear forces develop between the
steel belt layers, especially at the ends of the belts.
Wide furrows close to the bead all round the the tyre indicate that
the tyre was driven with insufficient pressure.
Driving a vehicle with insufficient tyre pressure or ignoring or not
recognising tyre damage can have serious consequences.
The tyre can no longer withstand the forces which develop when
the vehicle is driven.
The function of the tyre is severely restricted by the defects men‐
tioned above. The rubber compounds separate, which results in
the partial separation of tyre components or even its complete
destruction.
Such damage usually develops over a long period of time. If an
already damaged tyre is exposed to high stress, the centrifugal
forces which occur at high speeds can tear components off the
tyre.
8.14 Slow loss of tyre pressure
Slow loss of tyre pressure is particularly problematic, because
even experienced drivers are often not aware of it happening.
Insufficient tyre pressure and the subsequently increased amount
of flexing (internal friction) causes the tyre material to heat up
considerably and may lead to the separation of the various com‐
ponents and rubber compounds.
63
8. Tyre damage