Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
4 Tyre noise
4.1 General notes on tyre noise
Tyre noise that can be heard by the human ear is caused by vi‐
brations which are transmitted by the air from the source of the
sound to our ears.
Of interest here are the noises caused by certain characteristics
and effects while the tyres are rolling (source of the sound).
The cause of the noise is largely dependent on the combination
of the road surface and tyres.
The road surface structure and material will greatly affect tyre
noise. For example, the noise level on a wet road is much higher
than on a dry road.
The tread pattern on the tyre contact surface also has a significant
influence on tyre noise. Tyres with transverse grooves at an angle
of 90° generate more noise than tyres with grooves running di‐
agonally.
Small tread blocks are unstable. Their highly pronounced defor‐
mation agitates the air as the tyres roll. This creates the air
vibrations that cause tyre noise.
Wider tyres are louder. They need more tread channels to dis‐
place water. When they are rolling, these tread channels displace
the air, also creating air vibrations.
Further effects that also influence tyre noise:
♦ “Tyre vibration” is the principal cause of tyre noise. It is caused
by the columns of air in the tread channels being agitated.
♦ “Air pumping” is the compression and expansion of the air
caused by the deformation of the tread blocks as the tyre con‐
tact area moves along the road surface.
4.2 Useful information regarding tyre noise
Tyre noise is determined primarily by the tyres and the road sur‐
face.
As regards the road surface, it is the roughness, structure and
material which influence tyre noise.
As regards the tyres, the width of the tyre and rim has an influence
on tyre noise. Due to their larger contact area, wider tyres will
cause more tyre noise than narrow tyres, as more air has to be
displaced and more mass is agitated to create vibrations.
A wider wheel rim will also cause a tyre to have a wider contact
area. The effect on tyre noise is thus very similar to that of a wider
tyre. Moreover, the damping characteristics of the tyre may also
be adversely affected by the wider wheel rim.
On vehicles with a front-mounted engine, tyre noise is more per‐
ceptible at the rear of the vehicle, as wind and engine noises are
not as loud there.
39
4. Tyre noise