Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
tyres are allowed to roll under conditions which differ from those
specified.
One-sided wear is especially likely if the toe-in and camber have
not been set correctly. Moreover, there is a greater risk of diago‐
nal erosion.
Toe-out or negative toe-in:
Distance between front of wheels -A- is greater than distance be‐
tween rear of wheels -B- (-C- = direction of travel).
Toe-in or positive toe:
Distance between front of wheels -A- is less than distance be‐
tween rear of wheels -B- (-C- = direction of travel).
To prevent one-sided wear, care must be taken to ensure that the
wheel is set within the tolerance specified by the vehicle manu‐
facturer. The most frequent deviation of the wheel alignment is
caused by external influences, for example hard contact with the
kerbstone when parking.
By measuring the axle geometry, you can check whether the
wheel alignment is within the specified tolerances or whether it
has to be corrected.
3.5 One-sided wear – adjustment error
If a customer complains about one-sided tyre wear, the axle ge‐
ometry should be checked. Warranty claims are only permissible
if one-sided wear is caused by incorrect axle geometry that is not
the result of external influences on the tyre and wheel. The wheel
alignment protocol should be submitted together with the com‐
plaint report.
Increased, one-sided wear caused by the wheels running “off-
track”. This frequently happens in conjunction with a rough tread
surface or even the formation of “feathering” on the edges of the
tread.
3.6 Wear in middle of tyre
This wear pattern is found o n the driven wheels of high-perform‐
ance vehicles that are frequ ently driven long distances at high
speeds.
At high speeds, centrifugal forces cause the tyre diameter to in‐
crease more in the middle of the running surface than it does at
the shoulder. This causes drive forces to be transferred to the
36
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry