Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
Exaggerated for clarity.
1 - Plies and tread surface offset
The offset produces differences in stiffness at the inner and outer
shoulders of the tyre, resulting in differing forces on the contact
patch. Consequently the belt or tread will not be pressed onto the
road surface with the same force (F1, F2). A slightly tapered over‐
all shape develops. The resulting force (conicity force Fk) can,
depending on the speed, become so great that the vehicle then
pulls to one side.
If the force Fk on one wheel of the axle is, for example, 50 Newton,
and also 50 Newton on the other wheel, and both forces are ex‐
erted in the same direction, the forces are cumulated. Reversing
a tyre on the rim can compensate for the lateral pull because the
forces then act in opposite directions.
As the direction in which the conicity force acts is not visible, only
road tests and strategic rotation of wheels and tyres will establish
which tyre is causing the tendency to pull to one side.
The tyre consists of numerous components and materials which
are vulcanised to form a single part at the end of a complicated
manufacturing process. This results in differing production toler‐
ances which can cause more or less noticeable lateral forces
(lateral forces resulting from the tapered shape). These forces
can also occur in new tyres.
Pulling to one side on front axle:
Pulling to one side can be caused by the running gear. However,
experience shows that in 90% of all complaints, the tyres cause
pulling to one side.
Pulling to one side during normal driving:
On a straight, level road surface, the vehicle wants to pull to one
side at a constant speed or with moderate acceleration. Force can
be felt at the steering wheel.
Pulling to one side during fast acceleration:
Pulling to one side during fast acceleration is, in part, due to the
basic design of vehicles with front wheel drive. Different friction
levels at the left and right wheels or possible irregularities in the
road surface (potholes) and consequently varying road adhesion
have a substantial influence on the handling characteristics. This
does not constitute a complaint which is covered by the warranty.
7.2 Remedies when vehicle pulls to one
side
Test conditions before and during the test drive:
– Check all suspension components on the front and rear axles
for damage.
– Check tyre pr e ssure and correct if necessary.
– Check the tyres for external damage: Punctures, cuts, blisters
on the sidewalls, flat spots from braking and or damage to the
tread.
– Ask the customer if the tyre had been damaged by a nail or
similar object and was repaired by a tyre dealer. You may have
to renew such tyres.
– Check tyres for even wear and tread depth.
– Are all tyres of the same type, manufacture and tread pattern?
– If the tyres are non-directional, ensure that all DOT classifica‐
tions on the tyre face outwards. The wheels and/or tyres on
53
7. Vehicle pulls to one side