Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
Dirt and rust in the area of the contact surfaces and centre of the
wheel distort the result.
– Clean the contact surfaces, the centre of the wheel and the
recess on the inside of the wheel before mounting the wheel
on the wheel balancer.
– Mount the wheel with tyre on the wheel balancer.
Use the wheel balancing machine centring system -VAS 5271- to
centralise the wheel. This will ensure that the wheel is fully cen‐
tralised and clamped without damage. The wheel cannot be
centralised 100% with conical clamping elements on the wheel
balancing machine. A deviation of 0.1 mm from the centre results
in an imbalance of 10 grams at the wheel/rim.
Use a model-specific clamping plate , e.g. -VAS 6243- , to clamp
the wheel on the wheel balancing machine without damage.
This will yield better balancing results and protect the surface of
the rim (for instance if it has a chrome design).
Note
When balancing tyres, please remember that cleanliness is ab‐
solutely essential, as indeed it is in the case of any other repair
work you carry out. Only then can you attain a flawless result!
6.4 Work sequence when balancing wheels
and tyres
– Rotate the wheel and tyre on the wheel balancer.
– Check that the indicator lines on the sidewall of the tyre near
the rim flange run evenly.
– Check that the body of the tyre runs evenly while the wheel
and tyre are rotating.
Note
If one-sided wear, flat spots from braking or severe erosion is ap‐
parent, balancing will not be able to achieve smooth running. In
this case, the tyre must be renewed.
– Check the true running of the wheel and tyre. If the wheel and
tyre do not run true although there are no flat spots on the tyre,
this may be due to radial or lateral run-out.
– Check the wheel and tyre for radial and lateral run-out
⇒ page 48 .
– If radial and lateral run-out are within the specified tolerance,
balance the wheel and tyre.
Note
♦ The weight used per wheel should not exceed 60 grams.
♦ If a larger weight is required, you can possibly achieve smooth‐
er running by "matching" the tyre and rim. Matching tyres
⇒ page 50 .
♦ The wheel balancer display should indicate 0 grams.
– Bolt the wheel to the vehicle.
46
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry