Audi 100 1991 ➤ , Audi 80 1992 ➤ , Audi A1 2011 ➤ , Audi A2 2001 ➤ , A ...
Wheels and tyres - Edition 02.2010
Tyres mounted on wheels can be stored flat, stacked one upon
the other. The inflation pressure should be increased to a maxi‐
mum of 3 bar.
Tyres without wheels
Tyres without wheels are best stored standing vertically. If tyres
are stacked flat for a long period of time, they will be pressed
together quite considerably. They will then be more difficult to fit,
as the tyres do not sit on the bead seats. If tyres are stored stand‐
ing vertically, it is recommended to turn them every 14 days to
avoid flat spots.
2.15 Tyre ageing
Tyres age as a result of physical and chemical processes where‐
by the function can be impaired. Tyres which are stored for long
periods of time harden and become brittle faster than tyres which
are constantly in use on a vehicle. Older tyres may develop hair‐
line cracks as a result of ageing. When tyres are in regular use,
the constant flexing activates softeners in the rubber, preventing
hardening and the development of cracks.
It is therefore important to not only take into account the tread
depth, but also the age of spare tyres, stored tyres and tyres which
are not permanently in use. The tyre age can be seen on the DOT
designation, which includes the production date of the tyre.
Example of a DOT number:
DOT .
Stands
........ 5 0 0 2 <
for 2002
Year of manufac‐
ture
Calendar week
In this example, the production date is the 50th week of 2002 (the
DOT number had 3 digits up to December 31, 1999).
Recommendation:
♦ We recommend that you only use tyres which are older than
6 years in emergencies and make sure you then drive with
great caution.
♦ When new tyres are fitted, the spare tyre may also be used if
it is in perfect condition and not more than 6 years old. The
age of the tyre has a great influence on the high-speed capa‐
bility of the tyre. It is possible to combine a spare tyre which is
several years old with new tyres, however, this can have an
adverse influence on car handling.
♦ Tyres are constantly being further developed, which can lead,
for example, to slight changes in the rubber compound, even
if the tyres are of the same make, size and tread pattern.
♦ For reasons of safety, tyres of the same make and with the
same tread pattern should be mounted on one axle. All Audi
and VW vehicles are factory-fitted with four identical tyres and
wheels.
♦ Vehicles with four-wheel drive must always be equipped with
four wheels with tyres of the same size, construction, tread
pattern and make.
2.16 Renewing tyres
Tyres must always be renewed when:
• the legal minimum tread depth of 1.6 mm is reached,
32
Rep. Gr.44 - Wheels, tyres, vehicle geometry