http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
2006-08 RESTRAINTS SRS (Supplemental Restraint System) - Civic (Except Hybrid)
When you turn the ignition switch ON (II), the SRS indicator comes on. If it
(cid:1)
goes off after 6 seconds, the system is normal, and is not currently detecting
any abnormality.
If there is an abnormality, the system locates and defines the problem, stores
(cid:1)
this information in memory, and turns the SRS indicator on. The data will
remain in the memory even when the ignition switch is turned off or if the
battery is disconnected.
The data is stored in memory as a diagnostic trouble code (DTC).
(cid:1)
The "x" at the end of each DTC denotes a numeric character (0 thru 9) or an
(cid:1)
alpha character (A thru F) that is display on the HDS.
DTCs are either latching or resetting depending on the malfunction. With
(cid:1)
resetting DTCs, the SRS indicator will go off the next time the ignition switch
is turned ON and the system is normal, but the DTC is still stored. With
latching DTCs, the SRS indicator will not turn OFF until the malfunction is
repaired and the DTC is cleared.
When you connect the HDS to the data link connector (DLC), you can retrieve
(cid:1)
a more detailed DTC in the Honda Systems "SRS" menu.
NOTE: Only read DTCs from the SRS menu, not from the SWS
menu. SWS (ODS unit) DTCs are subcode of SRS unit
DTCs. Only troubleshoot the corresponding SRS DTCs.
After reading and recording the DTC, proceed with the troubleshooting
(cid:1)
procedure for that code.
Precautions
Use only a digital multimeter to check the system. If it's not a Honda
(cid:1)
multimeter, make sure its output is 10 mA (0.01 A) or less when switched to
the smallest value in the ohmmeter range. A tester with a higher output could
damage the airbag circuit or cause accidental airbag deployment and possible
injury.
Whenever the ignition switch is ON (II), or has been turned OFF for less than 3
(cid:1)
minutes, be careful not to bump the SRS unit; the airbags could accidentally
deploy and cause damage or injuries.