http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
GENERAL INFORMATION Trouble Shooting - Basic Procedures
Clunk
Clunk is a metallic noise heard when an automatic transmission is engaged in
Reverse or Drive, or when throttle is applied or released. It is caused by backlash
somewhere in the driveline, but not necessarily in the axle. To determine whether
driveline clunk is caused by the axle, check the total axle backlash as follows:
1. Raise vehicle on a frame or twinpost hoist so that drive wheels are free. Clamp
a bar between axle companion flange and a part of the frame or body so that
flange cannot move.
2. On conventional drive axles, lock the left wheel to keep it from turning. On all
models, turn the right wheel slowly until it is felt to be in Drive condition. Hold
a chalk marker on side of tire about 12" from center of wheel. Turn wheel in
the opposite direction until it is again felt to be in Drive condition.
3. Measure the length of the chalk mark, which is the total axle backlash. If
backlash is one inch or less, drive axle is not the source of clunk noise.
Bearing Whine
Bearing whine is a high-pitched sound similar to a whistle. It is usually caused by
malfunctioning pinion bearings. Pinion bearings operate at drive shaft speed. Roller
wheel bearings may whine in a similar manner if they run completely dry of
lubricant. Bearing noise will occur at all driving speeds. This distinguishes it from
gear whine, which usually comes and goes as speed changes.
Bearing Rumble
Bearing rumble sounds like marbles being tumbled. It is usually caused by a
malfunctioning wheel bearing. The lower pitch is because the wheel bearing turns at
only about 1/3 of drive shaft speed.
Chatter On Turns
This is a condition where the entire front or rear of vehicle vibrates when vehicle is
moving. The vibration is plainly felt as well as heard. Extra differential thrust
washers installed during axle repair can cause a condition of partial lock-up that
creates this chatter.
Axle Shaft Noise