http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
2006-08 ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT Navigation System - Civic (Except Hybrid)
If the DVD is defective, or has any of the issues mentioned above, return the
vehicle to your customer and recommend that they order the proper DVD from the
Honda Disc Fulfillment Center (see ORDERING A DVD).
NOTE: If it is determined that the navigation unit is defective
(through the appropriate service manual troubleshooting
procedures) and the DVD will not eject, order a replacement
navigation unit, and also order a DVD from the Honda Disc
Fulfillment Center.
HOW TO ANSWER CUSTOMER QUESTIONS ABOUT NAVIGATION COVERAGE
Some customers may ask questions regarding a city, address or POI (point of
interest) covered by the navigation system. It is better to verify a coverage question
on an actual vehicle than to disappoint your customer by promising coverage that
may be incomplete or missing in their area. The following suggestions can be used
to answer coverage inquiries from your customer.
Is my address covered by the navigation system?
Using a current production vehicle (of the same model), try entering the customer's
address (street first) to see if their area is covered. Always enter the street first,
because sometimes their city may be included in a neighboring township, or under
some lager metropolitan city name. If the address is shown in a later year vehicle,
but not your customer's vehicle, you might want to recommend that your customer
purchase an update.
Is my city covered by the navigation system?
For general questions about whether a city is covered, view the map coverage link
on the DVD order site. On the site, you enter a year and model, and then click on
the Coverage link. You then select a state or province, and the cities are listed. Of
course, this does not guarantee that the customer's road or address is in the system.
Verifying on an actual production vehicle is always the best guarantee that your
information is accurate.
The gas station on my corner is now a restaurant. Why is it still incorrect in