http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
2006-08 ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT Navigation System - Civic (Except Hybrid)
chips will work with include Compact Flash (CF), and ATA style (like the
what adaptors? card in the HDS). Other card types and flash
memory chips may work, but have not been tested.
A memory chip with capacity of 64 MB to 2 GB will
What capacity card do I
work. The two files moved to the PC card during
need for this function?
export are less than a Megabyte in size.
Should the dealer have a Yes, treat the PC card as a dedicated special tool that
dedicated PC card for the should be used anytime the owner of an '07 or later
Export and Import vehicle needs their navigation personal files
navigation function? transferred to a new navigation unit.
Any computer store sells USB style card readers that
What device can I use to
accept the PC card, and allow you to perform file
maintain the PC card,
maintenance on your PC card. Most laptops will also
and delete files
accept the PC card.
Can we move the
No, the files are model specific and will only load
customer's data to
into a navigation unit with the same part number.
different models?
Can we move the The customer's files can only be transferred to a new
customer's data to the navigation unit, if the Model and the Program Flash
same vehicle with a shown on the Version screen are the same. Files
different software cannot be transferred to the different model and
version? different versions.
Will other files on the PC
No, the system simply adds two small files that are
card like images or
recognized by the new navigation unit when
music files prevent the
performing the import function. However, it the PC
Export/Import function
card is full, the Export function won't work correctly.
from working?
After the transfer of customer data to the new
Do I have to delete the navigation unit, the files remain on the PC card.
files on the PC card after Since this is confidential information, we
each transfer of the recommend that you delete these files after each use.
customer's data? Please note that each time you export navigation
files of the same model and version, the files are
overwritten. Over time the PC card will accumulate