http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic LX
2006-08 TRANSMISSION Automatic Transmission - Civic (Except Hybrid)
The electronic control system consists of the powertrain control module (PCM),
sensors, and seven solenoid valves. Shifting and lock-up are electronically
controlled for comfortable driving under all conditions. The PCM is located in the
engine compartment.
Hydraulic Control
The valve bodies include the main valve body, the regulator valve body, and the
servo body. They are bolted to the torque converter housing. The main valve body
contains the manual valve, cut valve B, shift valves A, C, and D, the relief valve,
the lock-up control valve, the cooler check valve, the servo control valve, and the
ATF pump gears. The regulator valve body contains the regulator valve, the torque
converter check valve, the lock-up shift valve, the 1st accumulator, and the 3rd
accumulator. The servo body contains the servo valve, shift valve B, cut valve A,
the accumulators for 2nd, 4th, and 5th, and shift solenoid valves A, B, C, and D.
Fluid from the regulator passes through the manual valve to the various control
valves. The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th clutches receive fluid from their respective feed pipes,
and the 1st and the 5th clutches receive fluid from the internal hydraulic circuit.
Shift Control Mechanism
To shift gears, the PCM controls shift solenoid valves A, B, C, and D, and A/T
clutch pressure control solenoid valves A, B, and C, while receiving input signals
from various sensors and switches located throughout the vehicle. The shift
solenoid valves shift the positions of the shift valves to switch the port to send
hydraulic pressure to the clutch. A/T clutch pressure control solenoid valves A, B,
and C regulate their respective pressure, and pressurize the clutches to engage them
and their corresponding gears.
Lock-up Mechanism
The lock-up mechanism operates in D (1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 5th gears), and D3
(1st, 2nd and 3rd gears). The pressurized fluid is drained from the back of the
torque converter through a fluid passage, causing the torque converter clutch piston
to be held against the torque converter cover. As this takes place, the mainshaft
rotates at the same speed as the engine crankshaft. Together with the hydraulic
control, the PCM optimizes the timing and the volume of the lock-up mechanism.
When shift solenoid valve D is turned on by the PCM, shift solenoid valve D