http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
2006-08 ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT Navigation System - Civic (Except Hybrid)
PCM system speed signal.
A computer industry defined term referring to the PC card
PCMCIA
slot standard.
Personal Identification Number. A random 4 digit number
PIN
created by the customer to protect personal information.
Point Of Interest. These are the businesses, schools etc.
POI
found under the places option on the main menu.
Colored areas on the map screen denoting parks, schools etc.
Polygon See the Navigation System Manual "Traveling to Your
Destination" for a list of the assigned colors.
Keyboard layout resembling the typewriter keys. The
QWERTY keyboard layout can be changed to an alphabetical layout in
the Setup mode.
Code needed to activate the navigation system. You can
obtain the security code from the iN by entering the
Security Code navigation system control serial number. You can find the
serial number on the diagnostic screens (Unit Check, Navi
ECU) or on the underside of the navigation unit.
Touch Screen The display panel has 2 layers of clear film on the screen
Buttons or panel. If you touch the screen panel, the layers engage and
Touch Sensor the navigation display detects the touch point.
A continual update of internal navigation system scaling
factors. See the individual sensor tuning discussions under
Tuning
either System Description, or System Diagnostic Mode (see
SYSTEM DIAGNOSTIC MODE) in this article.
These streets have not been verified for turn restrictions, one-
way, etc. They are shown in light brown on the map. You
Unverified
can enter address destinations in these areas, but depending
Streets
on your Unverified Routing choice in setup, voice guidance
may end at the last verified street closest to your destination.
These streets consist of the detailed metropolitan coverage
Verified Streets areas, and all other inter-town connection roads. These roads
are shown in black on the map.
Vehicle Position. When in map mode, this circular icon