http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic GX
2006-08 BRAKES ABS System - Civic (All Except Hybrid)
Brake fluid replacement and air bleeding procedures are identical to the procedures
used on vehicles without ABS (see BRAKE SYSTEM BLEEDING ).
HOW TO TROUBLESHOOT DTCS
The troubleshooting procedures assume that the cause of the problem is still present
and the ABS indicator is still on. Following a troubleshooting procedure for a code
that has been cleared and does not reset can result in incorrect diagnosis.
1. Question the customer about the conditions when the problem occurred, and
try to reproduce the same conditions for troubleshooting. Find out when the
ABS indicator came on, such as during ABS operation, after ABS operation,
when vehicle was traveling at a certain speed, etc.
2. When the ABS indicator does not come on during the test-drive, but
troubleshooting is done based on the DTC, check for loose connectors, poor
contact of the terminals, etc. before you start troubleshooting.
3. After troubleshooting, or repairs are done, clear the DTCs, and test-drive the
vehicle under the same conditions that originally set the DTCs. Make sure the
ABS indicator does not come on.
4. Check for other unit DTCs which are connected via F-CAN, if there are DTCs
that are related to F-CAN, the most likely cause was that the ignition switch
was turned ON (II) with the ABS modulator-control unit connector
disconnected. Clear the DTCs. Check for PGM-FI and ABS codes, and
troubleshoot those first.
INTERMITTENT FAILURES
The term "intermittent failure" means a system may have had a failure, but it checks
OK now. If the indicator(s) of the system does not come on, check for poor
connections or loose pins at all connectors related to the circuit that you are
troubleshooting. If the indicators were on but then went out, the original problem
may have been intermittent.
HOW TO USE THE HDS (HONDA DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEM)
1. If the system indicators stay on, connect the HDS to the data link connector
(DLC) (A) located under the driver's side of the dashboard.