http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic LX
2006-08 TRANSMISSION Automatic Transmission - Civic (Except Hybrid)
Fig. 16: Identifying Automatic Transmission Component Location
Courtesy of AMERICAN HONDA MOTOR CO., INC.
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
General Operation
The automatic transmission is a combination of a three-element torque converter
and triple-shaft electronically controlled unit which provides five speeds forward
and one in reverse. The entire unit is positioned in line with the engine.
Torque Converter, Shafts, Gears, and Clutches
The torque converter consists of a pump, turbine, and stator assembly in a single
unit. The converter housing (pump) is connected to the engine crankshaft and turns
as the engine runs. Around the outside of the torque converter is a ring gear which
meshes with the starter drive gear when the engine is being started. The entire
torque converter assembly serves as a flywheel while transmitting power to the
transmission mainshaft. The transmission has three parallel shafts; the mainshaft,
the countershaft, and the secondary shaft. The mainshaft is in line with the engine
crankshaft, and includes the 3rd and 5th clutches, and gears for 3rd, 5th, reverse,
and idler. The mainshaft reverse gear is integral with the mainshaft 5th gear. The
countershaft includes the gears for 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th-5th, reverse, park, and the final
drive. The countershaft 4th-5th gear enables the shared use of the secondary shaft
4th gear and the mainshaft 5th gear. The countershaft 4th-5th gear and the
countershaft reverse gear can be locked to the countershaft providing the 4th, 5th or
reverse gear, depending on which way the selector is moved. The final drive gear is
integral with the countershaft. The secondary shaft includes the 1st, 2nd, and 4th
clutches, and gears for 1st, 2nd, 4th, and idler. The idler gear shaft is located
between the mainshaft and the secondary shaft, and the idler gear transmits power
between the mainshaft and the secondary shaft. The gears on the mainshaft and the
secondary shaft are in constant mesh with those on the countershaft. When certain
combinations of gears in the transmission are engaged by the clutches, power is
transmitted through the mainshaft, then to the secondary shaft to the countershaft,
or through the mainshaft to the countershaft to provide drive.
Electronic Control