http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
2006-08 ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT Gauges - Civic (All Except Hybrid)
Because of the location of the sensor, it may be affected by heat reflection from the
road, engine and radiator heat or hot exhaust from surrounding traffic. These
conditions can heat soak the outside air temperature sensor and cause inaccurate
readings. Logic has been written into the gauge control module (tach) to help
prevent abnormal or fluctuating outside air temperature indicator readings.
OUTSIDE AIR TEMPERATURE INDICATOR LOGIC
Initial outside air temperature indication after the ignition switch is turned ON (II).
If the engine coolant temperature is 140°F (60°C) or higher when the ignition
(cid:1)
switch is turned ON (II), the outside air temperature indicated the last time the
key was turned off will be displayed regardless of the current temperature
measured by the outside air temperature sensor.
If the engine coolant temperature is 139°F (59°C) or lower when the ignition
(cid:1)
switch is turned ON (II), the current temperature measured by the outside air
temperature sensor will be indicated.
UPDATE TO THE OUTSIDE AIR TEMPERATURE INDICATOR WHILE DRIVING
If the temperature measured by the outside air temperature sensor is greater than the
temperature on the outside air temperature indicator, the outside temperature
indicator will increase by 1.8°F (1°C) per minute after the vehicle speed is greater
than 19 mph (30 km/h) for more than 1 minute and 30 seconds. It will continue to
increase until the current outside air temperature is indicated. So, the first change to
the outside air temperature indicator is 1 minute and 30 seconds after the vehicle
speed is greater than 19 mph (30 km/h). If the vehicle speed drops below 19 mph
(30 km/h), the indicator will not update again until the vehicle speed is increased to
19 mph (30 km/h) or more for more than 1 minute and 30 seconds again. If the
outside air temperature is less than the indicated temperature, the temperature will
decrease 1°F every 1.1 seconds (1°C every 2 seconds) until the current outside air
temperature is indicated regardless of vehicle speed.
TROUBLESHOOTING
If the indicator displays "- - -" for more than 2 seconds after selecting the outside air
temperature display mode, check the outside air temperature sensor, or gauge
control module self-diagnosis (see SELF-DIAGNOSTIC FUNCTION ).