http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
2006-08 ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT Navigation System - Civic (Except Hybrid)
The navigation unit uses global positioning system (GPS) satellite signals, internal
yaw and vehicle speed inputs, and a map database to show where the vehicle is and
to help guide you to a desired destination.
The navigation unit's GPS receiver receives signals from the GPS, a network of 24
satellites in orbit around the earth. By receiving signals from several of these
satellites, the navigation system can determine the latitude, longitude, and elevation
of the vehicle.
Signals from the system's yaw rate sensor (inside the navigation unit) detects turns,
and the ECM/PCM vehicle speed pulse (VSP) and reverse signal enable the system
to keep track of the vehicle's speed and direction of travel. The advantage of this
hybrid system is that the system can track your position if either the GPS signal or
the vehicle speed signal is missing. For instance, when in a tunnel (no GPS), the
speed signal is used to update your position on the map. Alternately, while the
vehicle is being transported on a ferry, GPS signals can show the vehicle position
on the map as it crosses the water.
The navigation system uses the location, direction, and speed information to display
the appropriate map and calculate a route to the destination entered. As you drive to
a destination, the system provides both visual and audio guidance. Audio guidance
is sent to the audio unit, and an RGB graphics color signal is sent to the navigation
display.
This navigation system also has voice recognition that allows voice control of most
of the navigation, and audio functions. The voice control switches (TALK and
BACK buttons on the steering wheel) activate the voice control system. The
microphone on the ceiling receives your voice commands. For more information on
this feature, consult the navigation owner's guide.
The illumination signal is used by the navigation unit to automatically switch the
display mode between the Night and Day display modes. When the headlights are
on, the dash brightness control setting full brightness overrides the Night display
mode, and allows a daytime navigation display with the lights on.
When the navigation system is giving voice guidance commands, the front speakers
are muted. When the voice control system is being used (TALK button pressed), all