http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic EX
2006-08 RESTRAINTS SRS (Supplemental Restraint System) - Civic (Except Hybrid)
G force, such as the force the vehicle would receive in a side collision in the rear,
and sends that information to the SRS unit. The SRS unit uses that information, and
the information from the second side impact sensors to determine the side that is
impacted and the force. If the threshold is met, the SRS unit deploys the side airbag,
the side curtain airbag and the seat belt tensioner on that side.
SIDE AIRBAG CUTOFF INDICATOR/ODS OPERATION
The indicator comes on if the front passenger's seat is occupied by a small adult or
child who is leaning into the deployment path, or an object (grocery bag, briefcase,
purse, etc.) is in the seat. This indicates the passenger's side airbag is off and will
not deploy; there is no problem with the side airbag. If the passenger sits upright or
moves to another seat, or you remove the object from the seat, the light should go
off. There will be some delay between the occupant's repositioning and when the
indicator will turn on or off.
PASSENGER AIRBAG CUTOFF INDICATOR
The indicator comes on if the weight of the front passenger is about 65 lbs (30 kg)
or less. This indicates the passenger's front airbag is off and will not deploy. The
front airbag is shut off to reduce the chance of airbag-caused injuries.
SRS OPERATION
The main circuit in the SRS unit senses and judges the force of impact and, if
necessary, ignites the inflator charges. If battery voltage is too low or power is
disconnected due to the impact, the voltage regulator and the back-up power circuit
will keep voltage at a constant level.
For the SRS to operate:
Seat Belt Tensioners and Seat Belt Buckle Tensioners
1. A front impact sensor, side impact sensor, or the rear safing sensor must
activate and send electric signals to the microprocessor.
2. The microprocessor must compute the signals and send them to the tensioners.
3. The charges must ignite and deploy the tensioners.
Driver's and Front Passenger's Airbag(s)