http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic LX
2006-08 ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT Keyless/Power Door Locks/Security System - Civic (All Except Hybrid)
SECURITY ALARM SYSTEM
NOTE: This applies to USA LX, EX and Si models.
The security alarm system is armed automatically after the doors, hood, and trunk
are closed and locked. For the system to arm, the ignition switch must be off, the
key must be removed from the ignition switch, and the MICU must receive signals
that the doors, hood, and trunk are closed and locked. The alarm can be disarmed at
any time by unlocking the driver's door with the key or pressing the UNLOCK
button on the transmitter.
When everything is closed and locked, the only inputs that are grounded, and have
0 V, are the driver's door lock knob switch (LOCK position), and the audio unit or
navigation unit (if equipped). In other words, all of the other switches are open, and
have about 10 to 12 V, including the key cylinder switches. The security indicator
in the gauge control module (speedo) begins to flash immediately after the vehicle
is completely closed and locked, and 15 seconds later, the security system arms. If
the security indicator does not flash, the system is not arming. A beep sounds and
the parking lights flash to confirm the security alarm system is armed if the LOCK
button is pressed a second time within 5 seconds.
If one of the switches is misadjusted or shorted internally, or there is a short in the
circuit, the security system will not arm. As long as the control unit continues to
receive a ground signal (0 V), it senses that the vehicle is not closed and locked, and
the system will not arm. A switch that is slightly misadjusted can cause the alarm to
sound for no apparent reason. In this case, a significant change in outside air
temperature, the vibration of a passing truck, or someone bumping into the vehicle
could cause the alarm to sound. There is no glass breakage or motion detector
feature.
If anything is opened or improperly unlocked after the system is armed, the control
unit receives a ground signal from that switch, and the 10 to 12 V reference drops to
0 V. If the audio unit or navigation unit (if equipped) is disconnected, the input
loses its ground, and the input voltage goes to 10 to 12 V. The system sounds the
alarm when any of these occur:
A door or the trunk is forced open.
(cid:1)