http://ReadManuals.com
2008 Honda Civic GX
2006-08 BRAKES VSA System - Civic (All Except Hybrid)
regular diagnosis when the vehicle is driven over 10 mph (15 km/h) the first
time after the ignition switch is turned ON (II). You may hear the motor
operate at this time, but it is normal.
BRAKE FLUID REPLACEMENT/AIR BLEEDING
Brake fluid replacement and air bleeding procedures are identical to the procedures
used on vehicles without VSA system (see BRAKE SYSTEM BLEEDING ).
HOW TO TROUBLESHOOT DTCS
The troubleshooting procedures assume that the cause of the problem is still present
and the ABS and/or VSA indicator is still on. Following a troubleshooting
procedure for a code that has been cleared and does not reset can result in incorrect
diagnosis.
1. Question the customer about the conditions when the problem occurred, and
try to reproduce the same conditions for troubleshooting. Find out when the
ABS and/or VSA indicator came on, such as during VSA system operation,
after VSA system operation, when vehicle was traveling at a certain speed, etc.
2. When the ABS or VSA indicator does not come on during the test-drive, but
troubleshooting is done based on the DTC, check for loose connectors, poor
contact of the terminals, etc. before you start troubleshooting.
3. After troubleshooting, or repairs are done, clear the DTCs, and test-drive the
vehicle under the same conditions that originally set the DTCs. Make sure the
ABS and VSA indicators do not come on.
4. Check for other unit DTCs which are connected via F-CAN, if there are DTCs
that are related to F-CAN, the most likely cause was that the ignition switch
was turned ON (II) with the VSA modulator-control unit connector
disconnected. Clear the DTCs. Check for PGM-FI and VSA codes, and
troubleshoot those first.
INTERMITTENT FAILURES
The term "intermittent failure" means a system may have had a failure, but it checks
OK now. If the indicator(s) of the system does not come on, check for poor
connections or loose pins at all connectors related to the circuit that you are